he said further scientific study was required and if it was found that action was needed it should be taken by the european union . 


he said a proposal last month by eu farm commissioner franz fischler to ban sheep brains , spleens and spinal cords from the human and animal food chains was a highly specific and precautionary move to protect human health . 


fischler proposed eu-wide measures after reports from britain and france that under laboratory conditions sheep could contract bovine spongiform encephalopathy ( bse ) -- mad cow disease . 


but fischler agreed to review his proposal after the eu 's standing veterinary committee , mational animal health officials , questioned if such action was justified as there was only a slight risk to human health . 


only france and britain backed fischler 's proposal . 


the eu 's scientific veterinary and multidisciplinary committees are due to re-examine the issue early next month and make recommendations to the senior veterinary officials . 


british farmers denied on thursday there was any danger to human health from their sheep , but expressed concern that german government advice to consumers to avoid british lamb might influence consumers across europe . 


they included a black lacquer and mother of pearl inlaid box used by hendrix to store his drugs , which an anonymous australian purchaser bought for 5,060 pounds ( $ 7,845 ) . 


the foreign ministry 's shen told reuters television in an interview he had read reports of tang 's comments but gave no details of why the negotiator had considered the time right for talks with taiwan , which beijing considers a renegade province . 


china has said it was time for political talks with taiwan and that the rival island should take practical steps towards that goal . 


consultations should be held to set the time and format of the talks , the official xinhua news agency quoted tang shubei , executive vice chairman of the association for relations across the taiwan straits , as saying late on wednesday . 


the office said 356,725 new cars were registered in july 1996 -- 304,850 passenger cars and 15,613 trucks . 


the figures represent a 13.6 percent increase for passenger cars and a 2.2 percent decline for trucks from july 1995 . 


third was ford with 35,563 registrations , or 11.7 percent . 


only seat and porsche had fewer registrations in july 1996 compared to last year 's july . 


lattakia , aug 10 - waiting time at lattakia and tartous presently 24 hours . 


the syrians are confused , they are definitely tense , but the general assessment here in washington is that this is essentially a storm in a teacup , " he said . 


he will be replaced by eliahu ben-elissar , a former israeli envoy to egypt and right-wing likud party politician . 


israel on wednesday sent syria a message , via washington , saying it was committed to peace and wanted to open negotiations without preconditions . 


but it slammed damascus for creating what it called a dangerous atmosphere . 


are full of expressions and declarations that must be worrying ... 


netanyahu and levy 's spokesmen said they could not confirm it . 


the television also said that netanyahu had sent messages to reassure syria via cairo , the united states and moscow . 


up to today , we have no knowledge of any nurse stranded or kept in libya without her will , and we have not received any complaint , " the polish embassy 's charge d'affaires in tripoli , tadeusz awdankiewicz , told reuters by telephone . 


poland 's labour ministry said this week it would send a team to libya to investigate , but awdankiewicz said the probe was prompted by some nurses complaining about their work conditions such as non-payment of their salaries . 


a mujahideen khalq statement said its leader massoud rajavi met in baghdad the secretary-general of the kurdistan democratic party of iran ( kdpi ) hassan rastegar on wednesday and voiced his support to iran 's rebel kurds . 


" rajavi emphasised that the iranian resistance would continue to stand side by side with their kurdish compatriots and the resistance movement in iranian kurdistan , " it said . 


a spokesman for the group said the meeting " signals a new level of cooperation between mujahideen khalq and the iranian kurdish oppositions " . 


puk and iraq 's kurdistan democratic party ( kdp ) the two main iraqi kurdish factions , have had northern iraq under their control since iraqi forces were ousted from kuwait in the 1991 gulf war . 


it said about 100 iraqi kurds were killed or wounded in the attack . 


both iran and turkey mount air and land strikes at targets in northern iraq in pursuit of their own kurdish rebels . 


the spot saudi riyal against the dollar and riyal interbank deposit rates were mainly steady this week in quiet summer trade , dealers in the kingdom said . 


one-month interbank deposits were at 5-1/2 , 3/8 percent , three months were 5-5/8 , 1/2 percent and six months were 5-3/4 , 5/8 percent . 


the president 's aircraft has received permission to pass through israeli airspace but the president is not expected to travel to the west bank before monday , " nabil abu rdainah told reuters . 


arafat had been scheduled to meet former israeli prime minister shimon peres in the west bank town of ramallah on thursday but the venue was changed to gaza after israel denied flight clearance to the palestinian leader 's helicopters . 


arafat subsequently cancelled a meeting between israeli and plo officials , on civilian affairs , at the allenby bridge crossing between jordan and the west bank . 


abu rdainah said arafat had decided against flying to the west bank on thursday , after israel lifted the ban , because he had a busy schedule in gaza and would not be free until monday . 


" the meeting between peres and arafat will take place at erez checkpoint in gaza and not in ramallah as planned , " peres ' office said . 


their return to afghanistan will take place in two or three days , " an embassy official said . 


when asked whether the three guards would travel back to kandahar or the afghan capital kabul , the embassy official said : " that has not been decided , but possibly kandahar . " 


iraqi president saddam hussein has told visiting russian ultra-nationalist vladimir zhirinovsky that baghdad wanted to maintain " friendship and cooperation " with moscow , official iraqi newspapers said on thursday . 


" president saddam hussein stressed during the meeting iraq 's keenness to maintain friendship and cooperation with russia , " the papers said . 


they said zhirinovsky told saddam before he left baghdad on wednesday that his liberal democratic party and the russian duma ( parliament ) " are calling for an immediate lifting of the embargo " imposed on iraq after its 1990 invasion of kuwait . 


zhirinovsky said on tuesday he would press the russian government to help end u.n. trade sanctions on iraq and blamed moscow for delaying establishment of good ties with baghdad . 


" our stand is firm , namely we are calling on ( the russian ) government to end the economic embargo on iraq and resume trade ties between russia and iraq , " he told reporters . 


reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy . 


reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy . 


- confrontation is escalating between hizbollah and the government . 


- parliament speaker berri : israel is preparing for war against syria and lebanon . 


- financial negotiations between lebanon and pakistan . 


cme live and feeder cattle calls range mixed . 


early calls on cme live and feeder cattle futures ranged from 0.200 cent higher to 0.100 lower , livestock analysts said . 


the continued strong tone to cash cattle and beef markets should prompt further support . 


outlook for a bullish cattle-on-feed report is also expected to lend support and prompt some bull spreading , analysts said . 


however , trade will likely be light and prices could drift on evening up ahead of the report . 


philip maslowe , chief financial officer of the preschool and child care company , said the buyback " offered an opportunity to reduce the company 's weighted average interest costs and improve future cash flows and earnings . " 


-- the analyst set a 12-month price target of $ 45 and a fiscal 1996 year earnings estimate of $ 3.09 per share , his office said . 


-- the analyst also set an earnings estimate for the 1997 year , but the figure was not immediately available . 


cash and cash equivalents 2,386 93 


-- africans seeking to renew or obtain work and residence rights say prime minister alain juppe 's proposals are insufficient as hunger strike enters 49th day in paris church and wednesday rally attracts 8,000 sympathisers . 


-- shutdown of bally 's french factories points up shoe industry crisis , with french manufacturers undercut by low-wage country competition and failure to keep abreast of trends . 


the wells will be reperforated and gravel will be pumped into the reservoir through one of the wells to avoid plugging problems in the future , it said . 


the value of exports fell one percent year-on-year in april and the value of imports fell two percent , ncb said . 


the january-april 1995 import figure was revised from 39,584 million markka and the export figure from 55,627 million markka . 


the bank of finland earlier estimated the april trade surplus at 3.2 billion markka with exports projected at 14.5 billion and imports at 11.3 billion . 


tap sales began on monday and are being held daily from 07.00 gmt to 15.00 gmt until further notice . 


" until this is cleared up by the european union 's scientific panels -- and we have asked this to be done as quickly as possible -- ( consumers ) should if at all possible give preference to sheepmeat from other countries , " ministry official werner zwingmann told zdf television . 


there are too many holes in what we know , and these must be filled very quickly . " 


eu farm commissioner franz fischler had proposed banning sheep brains , spleens and spinal cords from the human and animal food chains after reports from britain and france that under laboratory conditions sheep could contract bovine spongiform encephalopathy ( bse ) -- mad cow disease . 


but some members of the eu 's standing veterinary committee questioned whether the action was necessary given the slight risk to human health . 


after the british government admitted a possible link between mad cow disease and its fatal human equivalent , the eu imposed a worldwide ban on british beef exports . 


gloria bistrita won 4-2 on aggregate and qualified for the first round of the cup winners cup . 


the three-year-old , partnered by veteran george duffield , snatched a short head verdict in the last stride to deny eveningperformance ( 16-1 ) , trained by henry candy and ridden by chris rutter . 


hever golf rose ( 11-4 ) , last year 's prix de l ' abbaye winner at longchamp , finished third , a further one and a quarter lengths away with the 7-4 favourite mind games in fourth . 


prescott , reluctant to go into the winner 's enclosure until the result of the photo-finish was announced , said : " twenty-five years and i have never been there so i thought i had better wait a bit longer . " 


berry said : " i`m disappointed but i do n't feel suicidal . 


he ( mind games ) was going as well as any of them one and a half furlongs ( 300 metres ) out but he just did n't quicken . " 


result of the nunthorpe stakes , a group one race for two-year-olds and upwards , run over five furlongs ( 1 km ) on thursday : 


winner owned by the cheveley park stud and trained by sir 


blackburn announced on wednesday they and dalglish had parted by mutual consent . 


but the ex-manager confessed on thursday to being " sad " at leaving after taking blackburn from the second division to the premier league title inside three and a half years . 


i have stayed out of the way and let them get on with the job . 


the club thought it ( the job ) had run its course and i came to the same conclusion . " 


dalglish had been with blackburn for nearly five years , first as manager and then , for the past 15 months , as director of football . 


third and final test between england and pakistan at the oval on 


scotland manager craig brown said on thursday : " i 've watched duncan ferguson in action twice recently and he 's bang in form . 


england were 100 for two at lunch on the first day of the third and final test against pakistan at the oval on thursday . 


ireland midfielder roy keane has signed a new four-year contract with english league and f.a. cup champions manchester united . 


" roy agreed a new deal before last night 's game against everton and we are delighted , " said united manager alex ferguson on thursday . 


scorers : arkadiusz bak ( 1st and 55th ) , arwel jones ( 47th , 


own goal ) , miroslav bak ( 62nd and 63rd ) 


scorers : petr gunda ( 1st and 26th ) , lumir mistr ( 19th ) , 


" if we lose this one , tony and i will have to have a good look at giving someone else a go , " newcombe was quoted as saying in sydney 's daily telegraph newspaper . 


since taking over as captain from neale fraser in 1994 , newcombe 's record in tandem with roche , his former doubles partner , has been three wins and three losses . 


newcombe has selected wimbledon semifinalist jason stoltenberg , patrick rafter , mark philippoussis , and olympic doubles champions todd woodbridge and mark woodforde to face the croatians . 


the home side boasts world number six goran ivanisevic , and newcombe conceded his players would be hard-pressed to beat the croatian number one . 


australia last won the davis cup in 1986 , but they were beaten finalists against germany three years ago under fraser 's guidance . 


" he is in no danger and will be treated and observed this evening , " said orioles team physician dr. william goldiner , adding that johnson is expected to be released on friday . 


he led the cincinnati reds to the national league championship series last year and guided the new york mets to a world series championship in 1986 . 


lost , winning percentage and games behind ) : 


" it was an off-speed pitch and i just tried to get a good swing on it and put it in play , " greer said . " 


the crowd was behind him and it was intense . " 


he joined mickey cochrane , johnny bench and terry kennedy as the only catchers with 40 doubles in a season . 


the rangers have won 10 of their last 12 games and six of nine meetings against the indians this season . 


ed vosberg ( 1-0 ) blew his first save opportunity but got the win , allowing three hits with two walks and three strikeouts in 1 2/3 scoreless innings . 


in baltimore , cal ripken had four hits and snapped a fifth-inning tie with a solo homer and bobby bonilla added a three-run shot in the seventh to power the surging orioles to a 10-5 victory over the seattle mariners . 


the mariners scored four runs in the top of the fifth to tie the game 5-5 but ripken led off the bottom of the inning with his 21st homer off starter sterling hitchcock ( 12-6 ) . 


bonilla has 21 rbi and 15 runs in his last 20 games . 


baltimore has won seven of nine and 16 of its last 22 and cut the yankees ' lead in the a.l. east to five games . 


alex rodriguez had two homers and four rbi for the mariners , who have dropped three in a row and 11 of 15 . 


he became the fifth shortstop in major-league history to hit 30 homers in a season and the first since ripken hit 34 in 1991 . 


in new york , jason dickson scattered 10 hits over 6 1/3 innings in his major-league debut and chili davis belted a homer from each side of the plate as the california angels defeated the yankees 7-1 . 


dickson allowed a homer to derek jeter on his first major-league pitch but settled down . 


in boston , mike stanley 's bases-loaded two-run single snapped an eighth-inning tie and gave the red sox their third straight win , 6-4 over the oakland athletics . 


boston 's mo vaughn went 3-for-3 with a walk , stole home for one of his three runs scored and collected his 116th rbi . 


scott brosius homered and drove in two runs for the athletics , who have lost seven of their last nine games . 


in detroit , brad ausmus 's three-run homer capped a four-run eighth and lifted the tigers to a 7-4 victory over the reeling chicago white sox . 


the tigers have won consecutive games after dropping eight in a row , but have won nine of their last 12 at home . 


in kansas city , juan guzman tossed a complete-game six-hitter to win for the first time in over a month and lower his league-best era as the toronto blue jays won their fourth straight , 6-2 over the royals . 


he allowed two runs -- one earned -- and lowered his era to 2.99 . 


jaha added an rbi single in the ninth and had four rbi . 


he scored from close range in the 54th minute and from a bicycle kick 13 minutes later . 


arthur numan and luc nilis , dutch top scorer last season , were psv 's other marksmen . 


but new coach rolf fringer is clearly a knup fan and included him in his 19-man squad on thursday . 


two world records are in serious danger of being broken at the meeting -- the women 's 1,000 metres and the men 's 3,000 metres . 


norway , england and sweden were rewarded for their fair play on thursday with an additional place in the 1997-98 uefa cup competition . 


norway headed the uefa fair play rankings for 1995-96 with 8.62 points , ahead of england with 8.61 and sweden 8.57 . 


the rankings are based on a formula that takes into account many factors including red and yellow cards , and coaching and spectators ' behaviour at matches played at an international level by clubs and national teams . 


australia , in sri lanka for a limited overs tournament which also includes india and zimbabwe , have been promised the presence of commandos , sniffer dogs and plainclothes policemen to ensure the tournament is trouble-free . 


ricky ponting led the way with 100 off 119 balls with two sixes and nine fours before retiring . 


one romanian passenger was killed , and 14 others were injured on thursday when a romanian-registered bus collided with a bulgarian one in northern bulgaria , police said . 


the two buses collided head on at 5 o'clock this morning on the road between the towns of rousse and veliko tarnovo , police said . 


corrigendum to commission regulation ( ec ) no 1464/96 of 25 july 1996 relating to a standing invitation to tender to determine levies and / or refunds on exports of white sugar ( oj no l 187 of 26.7.1996 ) 


commission regulation ( ec ) no 1663/96 of 20 august 1996 establishing the standard import values for determining the entry price of certain fruit and vegetables end of document . 


" we are disappointed with the administrator 's decision but we continue to be optimistic regarding an ultimate favorable resolution , " mark gildea , chief executive officer , said in a statement . 


we are extremely pleased with this decision and we recognize it as a significant step toward resolution of our outstanding medicare disputes . " 


best products co chairman and chief executive daniel levy said thursday he expected the company 's second-quarter results to be similar to the $ 34.6 million loss posted in the first quarter . 


but this is not something we are striving to do . " 


the company announced in march that it was closing seven stores and backing out of nine new lease agreements . 


for last year 's second quarter , which ended july 29 , 1995 , best posted a loss of $ 7.1 million , or $ 0.23 per share , on sales of $ 311.9 million . 


dr andrew wakefield of the royal free hospital school of medicine and colleagues screened 25,000 babies delivered at university hospital , uppsala , between 1940 and 1949 . 


it causes diarrhoea , abdominal pain and weight loss . 


replying " above normal " and those replying " below normal . " 


the survey was conducted between july 23 and august 14 and involved 1,305 companies , representing 50 industries , accounting for around half of the uk 's manufactured exports and some two million employees . 


some of these sales may not be final as they may be subject to inspection , survey or other conditions . 


garlic pills may not lower blood cholesterol and studies that show they do may be flawed , british researchers have reported . 


they were given 900 milligrams a day of dried garlic powder or placebo tablets . " 


there were no significant differences between the groups receiving garlic and placebo , " they wrote in the journal of the royal college of physicians . 


those taking part were told to eat a low-fat diet for six weeks before they started taking the pills , and their blood cholesterol measured before and after the six-week period . 


several studies have found garlic pills can lower blood pressure and blood cholesterol . 


but the oxford team disputed these findings and said either previous trials may have been interpreted incorrectly , those taking part were not given special diets beforehand or the duration of the studies may have been too short . 


the six-month trial was funded by the british heart foundation and lichtwer pharma gmbh , which makes kwai brand garlic tablets . 


the volcano in the soufriere hills has erupted three times in the past 13 months and last april some 4,500 people living in the capital , plymouth , and southern areas were evacuated to the north , where many are living in public shelters and schools . 


world number one pete sampras , seeking his first grand slam title of the year , and women 's top seed steffi graf , aiming for her third , should be able to ease into the year 's final major , which begins on monday . 


sampras avenged that defeat with a straight sets win over the 19-year-old power hitter in the second round at wimbledon and their rubber match in new york could provide some first-week fireworks . 


bumping agassi up to the sixth seeding avoided the possibility that he would run into sampras as early as the quarter-finals , but they could lock horns in the semis . 


if he survives , muster is seeded to run into either fifth-seeded wimbledon champion richard krajicek of the netherlands or 12th-seeded american todd martin in the quarter-finals in chang 's half of the draw . 


perhaps the best , yet most unfortunate , first-round matchup of the men 's competition pits eighth seed jim courier against retiring star stefan edberg . 


the popular swede is playing his final major tournament next week and the two-time champion 's grand slam farewell could well be a one-match affair . 


with the exception of a philippoussis showdown , sampras looks to have landed in a comfortable quarter of the draw with the likes of frenchman cedric pioline and ailing french open champion yevgeny kafelnikov , who is nursing a rib injury , in his path . 


seles , runner-up to graf last year , is seeded to run into fifth-ranked german anke huber in the quarter-finals with fourth seed conchita martinez or eighth-seeded olympic champion lindsay davenport looking like her most likely semifinal opponents . 


but huber will be tested immediately with a first-round encounter against dangerous 18th-ranked south african amanda coetzer . 


sanchez vicario , runner-up to graf at the french open and wimbledon , begins play against a qualifier in a quarter of the draw that includes young talent martina hingis , the 16th seed , before a probable quarter-final clash with seventh-seeded veteran jana novotna . 


a lefthander with a strong serve , nestor kept the rallies short by constantly attacking the net and the tactic worked in the second-round match against muster , playing his first match after receiving a first-round bye along with the other top eight seeds . 


other seeded players advancing were number three wayne ferreira of south africa , number four marcelo rios of chile , number six malivai washington of the united states and american todd martin , the seventh seeed . 


he held one match point at 9-8 in a marathon third-set tie break but was beaten 5-7 7-6 ( 7-1 ) 7-6 ( 13-11 ) by unseeded daniel vacek of the czech republic . 


" i knew i had to serve well and keep the points short and that 's what i was able to do , " said nestor , who ranks 10th in doubles . 


the lanky canadian broke muster at 4-3 in the first set and 5-5 in the second before ending the match on his third match point when the austrian hit a service return long . 


the way he was chipping and charging and serving and volleying i did n't really get my timing playing from the baseline . " 


" he played a good match , took a few chances , and every time he was down he was able to come up with a big first serve . " 


i asked for a day match and they gave me a night match , " he said . " 


i do n't like playing under the lights but maybe it would not have made any difference . " 


ivanisevic rallied from a 2-5 deficit in the first set but then played erratically against the 44th-ranked tillstrom , who was a surprise winner over his famous compatriot stefan edberg in the second round at wimbledon . 


ivanisevic hit 32 aces but was outplayed from the back court by the 24-year-old tillstrom . 


the sixth-ranked ivanisevic , who lost in the final at indianapolis to world number one pete sampras of the u.s. last sunday , made a quick getaway after his loss but did say : " something was not there when i arrived ( in toronto ) . 


and i did n't have a good feeling as soon as i lost in my doubles ( on tuesday ) . " 


" i 'm pleased because i did n't play that great today , but i fought really well , " he said . " 


when i was down 2-5 in the tiebreak ( in the third set ) , i just thought about winning my two serves and hoped that he might get tight . 


then he shanked a forehand at to make it 5-all and that helped me back . " 


malu replaced another nigerian major general , john inienger , who told officers at the handover ceremony that peace was now at hand for liberia after six years of fighting and more than a dozen failed accords . 


" the search for peace in liberia has been difficult , challenging and sometimes painful . 


peacekeepers were harassed , killed and taken hostage , " he said . 


" it is difficult but i want to assure you that peace is in sight . " 


the latest peace deal foresees the disarmament of an estimated 60,000 combatants and sets a target date of may 30 next year for elections . 


the west african state of guinea declared thursday and friday days of national prayer . 


a government statement , broadcast repeatedly by state radio , said the two days of prayer were " for the dead , for peace and prosperity in guinea , the victory of the new government and the health of the head of state " . 


koranic reading sessions and prayers were to be held in the farming town of badi-tondon , near his home about 60 km ( 40 miles ) from the capital conakry . 


he has since named a prime minister for the first time since early in his rule and ordered a crackdown on corruption . 


but carlo hoffmann , an 11-year-old jailer 's son who found the bottle on the beach at robben island off cape town after winter storms , will send his letter back by ordinary mail on thursday , the post office said . 


the nbh is bbb-minus by duff & phelps , ibca and thomson bankwatch , bb-plus by s&p , ba1 by moody 's investors service , bbb+ by the japan credit rating agency . 


at least 50 russian servicemen have been killed in a battle with separatist rebels which erupted in the chechen capital grozny on thursday and continued after russia and the rebels agreed a truce , interfax news agency said . 


moscow peacemaker alexander lebed and rebel chief-of-staff aslan maskhadov signed an agreement earlier on thursday under which the two sides would cease all hostilities at noon ( 0800 gmt ) on friday . 


but fierce fighting still raged at 1600 gmt , interfax said . 


a polish schoolgirl blackmailed two women with anonymous letters threatening death and later explained that she needed money for textbooks , police said on thursday . 


" the 13-year-old girl tried to extract 60 and 70 zlotys ( $ 22 and $ 26 ) from two residents of sierakowice by threatening to take their lives , " a police spokesman said in the nearby northern city of gdansk on thursday . 


he said the women reported the blackmail letters and police caught the girl on wednesday as she tried to pick up the cash at the sierakowice railway station . 


" interviewed in the presence of a psychologist , she said she wanted to use the money for school books and clothes , " spokesman kazimierz socha told reuters . 


russian president boris yeltsin 's security supremo alexander lebed and chechen rebel chief-of-staff aslan maskhadov signed a deal on thursday aimed at ending three weeks of renewed fighting in the region . 


itar-tass news agency said it provided for the disengagement of russian and rebel forces in chechnya . 


talks between russia 's alexander lebed and chechen separatist leaders were going well on thursday and the two sides were working out a detailed schedule on how to stop the war , a lebed aide said . 


press spokesman alexander barkhatov told reporters the negotiations , being held at this rebel-held village some 20 km ( 12 miles ) south of the chechen capital grozny , were progressing briskly and being conducted in a good mood . 


russian television showed a brief clip of boris yeltsin on thursday , with the president laughing and smiling as he spoke to nominee health minister tatyana dmitrieva . 


reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy . 


under the new system taxes and customs may be paid in the bosnian dinar , the croatian kuna or the deutsche mark until a new bosnian currency is introduced . 


- the president of the bosnian association for refugees and displaced persons , mirhunisa komarica says many survivors of the 1995 massacre in the bosnian town of srebrenica are languishing as forced laborers in serbian mines . 


according to komarica , 2,400 male residents of srebrenica work in the trepca mine and 1,900 work in a mine in aleksandrovac . 


- slovenian police briefly detain two bosnian opposition leaders in ljubljana and cancel opposition political rallies in ljubljana and maribor . 


the city of grozny , pounded by russian planes and artillery for hours on wednesday , calmed down overnight , although sporadic explosions and shooting could still be heard . 


a couple of helicopters flew over the city early on thursday morning , but did not appear to be firing at anything . 


lebed said on wednesday he had clinched a truce with chechen separatists and he promised to halt a threatened bombing assault on grozny , which the rebels have held since august 6 . 


the boat ran out of fuel and did not have a radio to call for help , navy spokesman lt. italo pineda said . 


he said 11 passengers and one boatman survived on coconuts and rainwater during 65 hours lost at sea . 


argentine raw steel output was 355,900 tonnes in july , 14.8 percent higher than in july 1995 and up 1.9 percent from june , steel industry center said thursday . 


primary iron output was 297,700 tonnes , 14.5 percent more than last july and 0.1 percent more than in june . 


hot laminate production was 349,000 tonnes , 3.2 percent up from july 1995 and 0.8 percent up from june . 


production of cold laminates was 120,500 tonnes , 4.2 percent higher than the same month last year and 11 percent higher than in june . 


peruvian guerrillas killed one man and took eight people hostage after taking over a village in the country 's northeastern jungle region , anti- terrorist police sources said on wednesday . 


some guerrillas made villagers listen to propaganda speeches in the village centre , others forced passing motorists out of their cars and daubed their vehicles with slogans . 


in recent months the shining path , severely weakened since the 1992 capture of its leader abimael guzman , has been stepping up both its military and propaganda activities . 


peru 's guerrilla conflicts have cost at least 30,000 lives and $ 25 billion in damage to infrastructure since 1980 . 


pinas , showing cuts and bruises on his face , told reporters the former head of the feared jungle command had tried and failed to shoot him after pinas objected to brunswijk 's advances toward his wife . 


brunswijk , 35 , denied the charges and said he had merely defended himself when pinas attacked him with a bottle . 


the conflict , which killed more than 500 and caused thousands to flee to neighbouring french guiana in the late 1980s , eventually paved the way to democratic elections in 1991 . 


despite numerous problems with authorities , brunswijk went on to become a successful businessman with mining and logging interests . 


he also manages and occasionally plays for one of the leading local soccer teams . 


cheung siu man , 40 , was arrested late on wednesday after police searched a house and found heroin in bags and hidden in hollow spaces in wooden planks , police said . 


downer was to meet chinese foreign minister qian qichen and sign an agreement on an australian consulate in hong kong , an official of the australian embassy in beijing said . 


relations between china and australia have been strained in recent weeks because of australia 's plan to sell uranium to china 's rival taiwan . 


other issues affecting ties include plans by an australian cabinet minister to visit taiwan , a security pact between canberra and washington and a possible visit to australia next month by tibet 's exiled spiritual leader the dalai lama . 


one official told me ' you have to either destroy the books or return them to amman ' , " daoud makkawi , owner of the nablus-based al-risala bookshop , told reuters . 


said , a u.s. citizen of palestinian origin , has been an outspoken critic of the 1993 israeli-plo self-rule deal and has written at least two books on the accord . 


palestinian information ministry director-general mutawakel taha denied that ministry officials forced anyone to sign any undertaking and insisted that the palestinian authority has no plans to censor books . 


" there is no strategy to ban books or to suppress freedom of expression in any form whatsoever , " taha told reuters . 


but taha said that the absence of relevent legislations may have resulted in some mistakes by some security officials . 


" this may explain some mistakes against some journalists and writers , " he said . 


thousands of books were banned from sale in the west bank and gaza strip by the israeli military authorities before the jewish state handed over parts of the two areas to the plo under a self-rule deal in 1994 . 


twenty people were injured on wednesday when the egyptair boeing 707 overshot the runway , caught fire , hit a taxi and skipped across a road onto a railway line . 


" the one it landed on is 2,250 metres ( 2,460 yards ) long while the other one if more than 3,000 metres ( 3,300 yards ) long and is less steep , " he added . 


he said a turkish civil aviation authority official had made the same point and he noted that a turkish plane had a similar accident there in 1994 . 


the brake action is very poor and the tower said it 's medium . 


the egyptian government will have nothing more to do with the sudanese government because it continues to shelter and support egyptian militants , president hosni mubarak said in a speech on thursday . 


the sanctions will come into effect in november if sudan fails to extradite the men , but sudan says it cannot hand them over to ethiopia for trial because they are not in sudan . 


" we are still eager that nothing should affect the sudanese people but we will not deal with the current regime or the turabi front or whatever , " mubarak told a group of academics . 


" i do n't want to go into more details than that but there are more details and they are bitter . 


there are terrorists they are sheltering and they make sudanese passorts for them and they get paid by them , " mubarak said . 


the imkb-100 lost 0.19 percent or 123.89 points to end at 64,178.78 . 


the 85-share industrial index lost 0.47 percent to 70,848.86 and the 15-share financial index rose by 0.55 percent to 55,929.89 . 


of the 218 shares traded , gainers outdid losers by 100 to 64 and 54 shares were stable . 


miss universe , venezuela 's alicia machado , left new mexico on thursday , refusing to answer questions about her weight or claims she was told to either go on a crash diet or give up her title . 


while machado was not a contestant here , she came under intense scrutiny following reports she was given an ultimatum by los angeles-based miss universe inc. to drop 27 pounds ( 12 kg ) in two weeks or risk losing her crown . 


" everybody has their own addiction to something or other but it 's not as if she eats cakes like crazy , " she said . 


organisers flatly denied ever threatening machado but immediately put her under wraps and blocked access to her . 


dressed in a black strapless evening gown at wednesday 's pageant , machado was clearly heavier than the contestants but still won rave reviews after her brief appearance on stage . 


beauty queens are high-profile personalities in venezuela and machado 's alleged weight problem made front page news this week . 


people close to her said she then eased up on her diet and indulged her passion for pasta and cake , but it was not clear how many pounds she gained and most people who saw her said she was still a long way from being fat . 


she wished , as we all did , that it had n't happened but she 's spiritually and mentally terrific . 


" the problem is they travel so much and are so busy that the ability to have any type of regimented routine workout does n't exist . 


, at midday and told doctors that she had been paralysed by the disease . 


it was his second assisted-suicide in 36 hours and the 37th that he has acknowledged attending since starting his crusade for doctor assisted suicide in 1990 . 


kevorkian 's lawyer , geoffrey fieger , said those attending smith 's death included her husband , david , a police officer , her father , james poland , and kevorkian . 


he offered no details about the cause of smith 's death or the location . 


on tuesday night , kevorkian attended the death of louise siebens , a 76-year-old texas woman with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or lou gehrig 's disease . 


" he set up a propaganda cannon and fired it at germany . " 


said bertram , who also read out extracts from lauck 's material praising hitler as " the greatest of all leaders " and describing the nazi slaughter of millions of jews as a myth . 


eager to put lauck behind bars quickly and avoid a long and complex trial , prosecutor bernd mauruschat limited his charges to offences since 1994 . 


he had demanded a five-year jail term but said he was satisfied with the court 's sentence . 


publishing and distributing neo-nazi material is illegal in germany but lauck 's defence team had argued that u.s freedom of speech laws meant he was free to produce his swastika-covered books , magazines , videos and flags in his homeland . 


interior minister manfred kanther said in a statement he " welcomed the prosecution and conviction of one of the ringleaders of international neo-nazism and biggest distributers of vicious racist publications " . 


lauck , dressed in a sober blue suit and sporting his trademark hitleresque black moustache , showed no sign of emotion as bertram spent more than an hour reading out the verdict and explaining the court 's decision . 


but as lauck was about to be led away , he turned to reporters and blurted out a virtually incomprehensible quick-fire diatribe against the court . 


" neither the national socialists ( nazis ) nor the communists dared to kidnap an american citizen , " he shouted , in an oblique reference to his extradition to germany from denmark . " 


bertram said lauck was obsessed by nazism and devoted his life to leading his national socialist german workers ' party foreign organisation ( nsdap-ao ) , which derives its name from the full german title of hitler 's nazi party . 


during the three-month trial , the court dealt mainly with issues of the nsdap-ao 's " ns kampfruf " ( " national socialist battle cry " ) magazine , filled with references to aryan supremacy and defamatory statements about jews . 


he will probably be free in around two and a half years . 


" i am reluctant to speculate but we are doing the preparations and the secretary-general is anxious to start the program , " said undersecretary-general yasushi akashi . 


an estimated 50,000 algerians and more than 110 foreigners have been killed in algeria 's violence pitting moslem rebels against the algerian government forces since early 1992 , when the authorities cancelled a general election in which radical islamists took a commanding lead . 


so ballybunion is going to america instead . 


clinton made a triumphant irish tour to back a northern ireland peace process but was forced to drop ballybunion from a packed schedule at the last minute . 


foreign ministry spokesman martin erdmann said top bonn diplomat wolfgang ischinger had been assured by senior russian officials that the ultimatum to storm and take the chechen capital of grozny was not valid . 


" the russian side confirmed that the ceasefire is in place and they will keep to it , " erdmann told reuters after speaking by telephone to ischinger , who had met the officials on a two-day visit to moscow . 


ischinger said he met three russian deputy foreign ministers and a vice defence minister , who confirmed russian foreign minister yevgeny primakov 's pledge that moscow would seek a political solution under the aegis of the organisation for security and cooperation in europe ( osce ) . 


ischinger said the threat of a major assault to take grozny had been the unauthorised initiative of the commanding general and not moscow 's intention . 


india said on thursday that its opposition to a global nuclear test ban treaty did not mean new delhi intended to enter into an arms race with neighbouring pakistan and china . 


foreign minister i.k. gujral was asked at a news conference if india 's decision to block adoption of the accord in geneva would lead to an arms race with pakistan and china . 


china , along with britain , france , russia and the united states , is a declared nuclear power . 


india carried out a nuclear test in 1974 but says it has not built the bomb . 


experts believe both india and pakistan could quickly assemble nuclear weapons . 


" i have told bangladesh leaders that british goverment has attached serious importance to the resolution of the tragic death of siraj mia , " under-secretary of state for foreign and commonwealth affairs liam fox fox , told reporters . 


his body bore multiple injuries , and his relatives complained that he was murdered . 


but customs authorities said the passenger was drunk and died of loss of blood from a deep cut in his wrist after he hit a glass sheet . 


" the british government wants a thorough investigation and a just outcome , " he said . 


india 's home ( interior ) minister accused pakistan on on thursday of planning to disrupt state elections in troubled jammu and kashmir state . 


india and pakistan have fought two of their three wars over the troubled region of kashmir since independence from britain in 1947 . 


prime minister h.d. deve gowda 's centre-left government hopes the elections will help restore normality and democratic rule in jammu and kashmir , where more than 20,000 people have died in insurgency-related violence since 1990 . 


dhaka stocks edged up on sharply higher volume as engineering and cash shares gained amid buying by both small and institutional investors , brokers said . 


the dhaka stock exchange ( dse ) all-share price index rose 8.05 points or 0.7 percent to 1,156.79 on a turnover of 146.2 million taka . 


of the total 119 issues traded 71 closed higher , 44 ended lower and four remained unchanged . 


national bank rose 12.71 taka to 228.7 , eastern cables gained 20.37 to 677.98 and apex tannery lost 22.72 to 597 . 


brokers said the stocks recovered early losses to edge up at close because of institutional support and short-covering ahead of friday weekend . 


rangarajan explained that the cash reserve ratio was an instrument that central banks could use to regulate money supply by reducing or increasing the ratio . 


but in the current context , the government stood by an earlier commitment to reduce it over a period of time , he said in response to a question . 


" the current account deficit of around two percent of gdp is a sustainable level of deficit given the expected real growth rate and the trends in imports and exports , " rangarajan said in an address to business leaders in new delhi . 


rangarajan said a current account deficit of two percent brought about by a 16-17 percent annual growth in exports and a 14-15 percent rise in imports along with an increase in non-debt flows could lead to a reduction in the debt-service ratio to below 20 percent over the next five years . 


mother teresa , known as the saint of the gutters , won the nobel peace prize in 1979 for bringing hope and dignity to millions of poor , unwanted people with her simple message : " the poor must know that we love them . " 


while the world heaps honours on her and even regards her as a living saint , the nun of albanian descent maintains she is merely doing god 's work . 


" it gives me great joy and fulfilment to love and care for the poor and neglected , " she said . " 


the poor do not need our sympathy and pity . 


they need our love and compassion . " 


but an attending doctor said mother teresa , who turns 86 next tuesday , was conscious and in stable condition . 


the task mother teresa began alone in 1949 in the slums of densely-populated calcutta , and grew to touch the hearts of people around the world . 


the world disagreed , showering more than 80 national and international honours on her including the bharat ratna , or jewel of india , the country 's highest civilian award . 


in 1991 , mother teresa was treated at a california hospital for heart disease and bacterial pneumonia . 


in 1993 , she fell in rome and broke three ribs . 


in august the same year , while in new delhi to receive yet another award , she developed malaria , complicated by her heart and lung problems . 


but her increasing frailty , arthritis and failing eyesight has not stopped her travels around the world to mingle with the poor and desperate . 


she attended a government school and was already deeply religious by the time she was 12 . 


she was sent to loretto abbey in dublin and from there to india to begin her novitiate and teach geography at a convent school in calcutta . 


i was to leave the convent and help the poor while living among them . 


the vatican and the mother superior in dublin approved and after intensive training as a nurse with american missionaries she opened her first calcutta slum school in december 1949 . 


her missionaries of charity , a roman catholic religious order she founded in 1949 , now runs about 300 homes for unwanted children and the destitute in india and abroad . 


in 1994 a british television documentary called the myth around mother teresa a mixture of " hyperbole and credulity " . 


media baron rupert murdoch 's news corp ltd reported lower than expected 1995/96 profits on thursday , but forecast that the hit film " independence day " would help increase profits by at least 20 percent in 1996/97 . 


it said moderating paper prices and solid orders for advertising at its fox broadcasting television network in the united states would also help boost profits in the 1996/97 year . " 


the bullish comments for the coming year soothed analysts and most shareholders , who were disappointed by the lower than expected profit for 1995/96 . 


news announced pre-abnormals net profit for the year fell six percent to a$ 1.26 billion ( us$ 995 million ) and earnings per share dropped to 40 cents from 46 cents . 


" the year just gone was disappointing , but the outlook for the current year looks good , " first pacific media analyst lachlan drummond said . 


news corp said strong performances in u.s. television and british newspapers were offset by lower profits from news corp 's magazine and publishing divisions and further hefty losses from its asian star tv operations . 


news corp said british newspaper operating profits rose 10 percent for the year , as higher cover prices at the sun and the times and higher advertising volumes offset increased newsprint costs . 


analysts said sharply lower earnings from news corp 's book publishing division and its u.s. magazines had been the major surprises in the results for 1995/96 . 


news corp said revenue gains at its magazines and inserts division were offset by higher paper prices and lower sales at the u.s. tv guide . 


it said the demise of the net book agreement had hurt the british operations , and weak performances from the san francisco unit of harper-collins had not helped . 


but it was the bullish profit forecast for 1996/97 that took the spotlight in the market , with some analysts saying 20 percent may even be an understatement . 


" if they 're saying at least 20 percent , then their internal forecasts are probably saying 25 or 30 percent , " said one sydney media analyst who declined to be named . 


the bank said there were concerns fiscal consolidation would unduly restrict growth , but evidence was ambiguous . 


in its 1996/97 budget announced on tuesday , the australian coalition government announced an underlying budget deficit of a$ 5.65 billion , and pledged to return the underlying budget balance to surplus by 1998/99 . 


" determined and credible efforts to rein in unsustainable fiscal positions ( are ) often rewarded by rising confidence , giving favourable effects on economic activity even in the short term , " it said . 


" more generally , the long-term effects of fiscal consolidation are clearly positive , with higher saving tending to promote economic growth by raising investment and lowering long-term real interest rates , " the rba said . 


fixed business and farm lending rates rates were left unchanged although they were under review . 


the company said the increase reflected the value of extensions to the network to meet economic growth in its supply area and an increase in the estimated lifespan of the network . 


it said the increase was consistent with the approach followed by other power companies and reflected the company 's new levels of preventative maintenance and equipment upgrading . 


" we have ordered a massive hunt for him and i am quite confident we will get him soon , " vivit chatuparisut , deputy director general of the correction department , told reuters . 


westlake , arrested in december 1993 and charged with heroin trafficking , sawed the iron grill off his cell window and climbed down the prison 's five-metre ( 15-foot ) wall on a rope made from bed sheets , vivit said . 


the corrections department was probing the escape and had ordered all foreign inmates chained to prevent more breakouts . 


malaysia has banned the use of nitrofuran , an antibiotic , in chicken feed and veterinary applications because it believes the drug could cause cancer , the health ministry said on thursday . 


" it is hoped that livestock breeders and feedmillers will abide by the laws and respect the cabinet decision in the interest of consumer safety , " health minister chua jui meng was quoted as saying by the national bernama news agency . 


chua said offenders could face a two-year prison sentence and a maximum fine of 5,000 ringgit ( $ 2000 ) . 


around 200 police and troops were stationed outside the court in central jakarta but there was no sign of demonstrators . 


** the dow jones industrial average closed down 31.44 points at 5,689.82 on wednesday , ending a three-session winning streak as investors took profits and tobacco stocks took a beating . 


** the jakarta composite index rose 2.60 points , or 0.48 percent , to 542.20 points on wednesday on the back of bargain-hunting in selected big-capitalised stocks and secondliners . 


** privately-owned bank duta on market talk that it is obtaining fresh syndicated loans , a management reshuffle and fresh equity injection . 


** ciputra development on reports of a plan to build property projects worth $ 2 billion in jakarta and surabaya . 


key stock and currency market movements at 1600 gmt . 


the following table shows the latest close of key indices* on major world stock exchanges , the day 's change in points and the indices ' 1996 closing highs and lows ( with dates ) . 


also shown are the london closing values of the german mark , the japanese yen , the british pound and gold bullion ( previous day 's closes in brackets ) : 


*indices used and their all-time closing highs 


ukraine celebrates five years of independence from kremlin rule on saturday , hailing civil and inter-ethnic peace as its main post-soviet achievement . 


ukraine 's declaration of independence in 1991 , backed nine-to-one by a referendum in december of that year , effectively dealt a death blow to the soviet empire and ended more than three centuries of rule from moscow . 


ukraine , with a russian community of 11 million people -- the world 's largest outside russia -- has avoided conflicts like those in russia 's chechnya , neighbouring moldova , and the former soviet republics of georgia , azerbaijan and tajikistan . 


" ukraine 's biggest achievements for five years are the preservation of civil peace and inter-ethnic harmony , " president leonid kuchma said in televised statement this week . 


" unlike many other post-soviet countries we were able to deal with conflict situations in a peaceful and civilised way . " 


but independence was initially accompanied by hyper-inflation and economic collapse , although there are signs of a turnaround . 


inflation -- a hyper-inflationary 10,300 percent a year in 1993 -- was a respectable 0.1 percent a month in june and july and the economy has just begun to grow . 


kuchma told a solemn ceremony at the ukraina palace on friday that " there was a turning point " in reforms and that he expected a rise in the standard of living in the near future . 


the national bank and the government have every reason to be proud of their efforts . " 


it will replace the interim karbovanets currency , which was introduced at par to the russian rouble in 1992 but now trades at almost 33 karbovanets per rouble . 


ukraine has repeatedly promised to introduce the hryvna but had to postpone the plans because of economic problems . 


proud of its record in promptly joining both the council of europe and nato 's partnership for peace , ukraine caused a foreign policy wrangle this week , offending china by allowing a taiwanese minister to appear on a public , if unofficial visit . 


but ukraine , seeing itself as a bridge between russia and the rapidly westernising countries of eastern europe , is looking west as well as east . 


" but ukraine cannot be economically oriented on russia , even though those in some circles push us to do that . " 


kuchma has said kiev wants membership of the european union , associate membership of the western european union defence grouping and to move closer to nato . 


a message from the west this week from u.s. president bill clinton congratulated ukraine on the anniversary , promising to support market reforms and praising ukraine as a " stabilising factor " in a united europe . 


gazeta shqiptare said the " book of mass ' , by gjon buzuku , dating from 1555 and discovered in 1740 in a religious seminary in rome , was the first major document published in the albanian language . 


" we albanians , sons of buzuku , believed our language had a written document but now we do not have it any more , " lamented scholar musa hamiti , told of the loss by the vatican library . 


there is nothing left for us but to be grateful to civilisation for inventing photocopies , " gazeta shqiptare said . 


barter deals were worth $ 4.9 billion last year , or about eight percent of all russian exports estimated at $ 61.5 billion , she said . 


" the cost of exported goods is too often understated , so the actual share of barter deals in russian exports and the amount of unimported goods may be even higher , " volkova said . 


a few days ago russian president boris yeltsin issued a decree on state regulation of foreign barter deals , and volkova said this " could substantially improve the situation " . 


understating the cost of exported goods could still be a loophole for barter dealers , but volkova said the authorities are currently " tackling the technicalities of the issue " . 


barter has always been a feature of the soviet union 's foreign trade , but yeltsin 's decrees liberalising foreign trade in 1991-1992 has given barter a new impetus . 


a few years ago , barter deals accounted for up to 25-30 percent of russian exports because " thousands ( of ) trade companies which popped up preferred barter in the absence of reliable russian banks and money transfer systems " , volkova said . 


" now many russian banks are strong and can make various sorts of money tranfers , while incompetent traders are being ousted by more experienced ones . 


but the current share of barter deals in russian exports is still high , " she said . 


paramount pictures is going ahead with a sequel to the tom cruise blockbuster , " mission : impossible " and hopes to release it in the summer of 1998 , daily variety reported in its friday edition . 


the big-screen version of the spy tv series has grossed $ 175 million domestically since opening may 22 , and $ 338 million overseas so far . 


cruise will reprise his roles as star and co-producer , and will soon meet academy award-winning screenwriter william goldman , who will write the script , the report said . 


goldman , whose oscars were for " butch cassidy and the sundance kid " and " all the president 's men " , earlier this summer criticised some of the season 's blockbusters . 


cricket - crawley forced to sit and wait . 


heavy overnight rain and morning drizzle ruled out any play before lunch on the second day but an improvement in the weather prompted the umpires to announce a 1415 local time ( 1315 gmt ) start in the event of no further rain . 


there were several damp patches on the square and the outfield and it was still raining when the players took an early lunch at 1230 local time ( 1130 gmt ) . 


pollock , who returns home a month early next week , said : " i would like to come back and play county cricket in the future and i do n't think i would like to swap counties . " 


explaining his premature departure was unavoidable , pollock said : " i have been carrying the injury for a while and i hope that by having the surgery now i will be able to last out the new season back home . " 


the third and final test between england and pakistan at the 


england were all out for 326 in their first innings on the second day of the third and final test against pakistan at the oval on friday . 


every time he finds the net , the grey-haired forward pulls his shirtfront over his head as he runs to salute the fans , and middlesbrough 's sponsors want to cash in on the spectacle . 


ravanelli aggravated a foot injury in the 1-0 defeat at chelsea on wednesday and was given only an even chance of playing at nottingham forest on saturday by his manager bryan robson . 


todd woodbridge , who defeated canadian daniel nestor 7-6 ( 7-2 ) 7-6 ( 7-4 ) , and mark philippoussis , a 6-3 6-4 winner over bohdan ulihrach of the czech republic , also advanced and will meet in friday 's quarter-finals . 


third-seeded wayne ferreira of south africa defeated tim henman of britain 6-4 6-4 after a three-hour evening rain delay and fifth-seeded thomas enqvist of sweden won his third-round match , eliminating petr korda of the czech republic 6-3 6-4 . 


ferreira and enqvist play in a friday night quarter-final . 


two americans , seventh seed todd martin and unseeded alex o'brien , will meet on friday after winning matches on thursday . 


martin overcame cedric pioline of france 2-6 6-2 6-4 and o'brien beat mikael tillstrom of sweden 6-3 2-6 6-3 . 


" if you really look at the match , " said the 12th-ranked washington after losing to the 70th-ranked rafter , " i never really got a chance to play because he was serving big and getting in close to the net . 


put those two things together and you get a loss . " 


rafter missed 10 weeks after wrist surgery earlier this year and the time away from tennis has given him a new perspective . 


" before when i was on tour , i always felt i had to be in bed by 9:30 or 10 o'clock and i had to be up at a certain time , " rafter said . " 


now i can go to bed at at midnight or wake up at seven in the morning . 


i just do n't have as many set routines and it 's made me a happier person . " 


" i got more aggressive in the second and third sets and the wind picked up and that also affected things because cedric definitely went off a little bit . " 


but i 'm still competing well . " 


i did n't miss that many shots and he was making the mistakes . " 


mulder missed the first test in durban with back spasms and failed a fitness check on thursday . 


but new springbok skipper gary teichmann has recovered from a bruised thigh and is ready to play , coach andre markgraaff said . 


but as the highest-ranked non-seeded player in the tournament , habsudova will be moved into rubin 's slot in the draw , while davenport will now get a qualifier in the first round , according to u.s. tennis association officials . 


rubin is the third notable withdrawal from the women 's competition after 12th-ranked former australian open champion mary pierce and 20th-ranked wimbledon semifinalist meredith mcgrath pulled out earlier this week with injuries . 


lost , winning percentage and games behind ) : 


former oriole jamie moyer allowed two hits over eight scoreless innings before tiring in the ninth and paul sorrento added his third grand slam of the season as the seattle mariners routed baltimore 10-3 thursday . 


moyer ( 10-2 ) , who was tagged for a pair of homers by mike devereaux and brady anderson and three runs in the ninth , walked none and struck out two . 


with one out in the fifth ken griffey jr and edgar martinez stroked back-to-back singles off orioles starter rocky coppinger ( 7-5 ) and jay buhner walked . 


" things fell in for us , " said sorrento , who has six career grand slams and hit the ninth of the season for the mariners . 


in the american league wild-card race , the mariners are three games behind the white sox , two behind baltimore and two ahead of the red sox heading into boston for a weekend series . 


moyer retired 11 straight batters between the third and seventh innings and threw two or fewer pitches to 11 of the 29 batters he faced . 


" i made some bad pitches at the end but i 'm not going to dwell on it . 


coppinger ( 7-5 ) was tagged for eight runs and 10 hits in 4 1/3 innings . 


in boston , troy o'leary homered off the right-field foul pole with one out in the bottom of the ninth and the red sox climbed to the .500 mark for the first time this season with their fourth straight victory , 2-1 over the oakland athletics . 


boston 's roger clemens ( 7-11 ) was one out away from his second straight shutout when pinch-hitter matt stairs tripled over the head of centre fielder lee tinsley on an 0-2 pitch and pinch-hitter terry steinbach dunked a broken-bat single into right to lift oakland into a 1-1 tie . 


he pitched his fourth complete game , allowing eight hits with two walks and 11 strikeouts . 


in new york , garret anderson and gary disarcina drove in two runs apiece in a five-run first inning and jim edmonds highlighted a six-run sixth with a bases-loaded double as the california angels coasted to a 12-3 victory over the yankees in the rubber game of their three-game series . 


in kansas city , travis fryman doubled in the go-ahead run in the fifth and melvin nieves and damion easley belted two-run homers as the detroit tigers claimed a 10-3 win over the royals , handing them their fifth straight loss . 


the tigers won their third straight and halted a seven-game road losing streak behind justin thompson ( 1-2 ) , who earned his first major-league win . 


tim belcher ( 12-8 ) was tagged for six runs and nine hits in eight innings . 


at minnesota , ken hill allowed two runs en route to his sixth complete game of the season and rusty greer added three hits , including a homer , and two rbi as the red-hot texas rangers routed the twins 11-2 . 


in chicago , erik hanson outdueled alex fernandez , and jacob brumfield drove in otis nixon with the game 's only run in the sixth inning as the toronto blue jays blanked the white sox 1-0 in a game shortened to six innings due to rain . 


toronto won its fifth straight and handed the white sox their seventh loss in nine games . 


hanson ( 11-15 ) allowed three hits , walked three and struck out four to snap a personal three-game losing streak . 


jose luis vidigal scored in the 38th minute and mustapha hadji added the third in the 57th . 


the game was brought forward from sunday when reigning champions porto and lisbon rivals benfica play their first games of the season . 


st pauli pulled a goal back through andre trulsen but schalke striker martin max restored his team 's two-goal cushion shortly afterwards . 


christian springer put st pauli back in touch in the 64th minute and three minutes later they were level , thanks to a penalty from thomas sabotzik . 


after breaking the world record for the women 's mile in zurich last wednesday , the olympic 800 and 1,500 metres champion clocked two minutes 28.98 seconds over 1,000 at the brussels grand prix meeting . 


but it was the russian who picked up the bonus of $ 25,000 for the historic run in front of a capacity 40,000 crowd . 


the record of four minutes , 12.56 seconds in zurich earned masterkova a bonus of $ 50,000 plus one kilo of gold . 


brussels organisers had laid a new track for the meeting comparable to the surface at the atlanta games but put down on a softer surface . 


mutola looked threatening in the final 200 metres but the russian found an extra gear to power home several strides ahead , pointing at the time on the clock with delight as she crossed the line . 


133 ricky willison 69 64 , stephen ames ( trinidad and tobago ) 


american dennis mitchell upstaged a trio of past and present olympic 100 metres champions on friday with a storming victory at the brussels grand prix . 


sporting his customary bright green outfit , the u.s. champion clocked 10.03 seconds despite damp conditions to take the scalp of canada 's reigning olympic champion donovan bailey , 1992 champion linford christie of britain and american 1984 and 1988 champion carl lewis . 


mitchell also beat world and olympic champion bailey at the most lucrative meeting in the sport in zurich last week . 


the american , who finished fourth at the atlanta games , was fast out of his blocks and held off bailey 's late burst in the final 20 metres before heading off for a lap of celebration . 


but sweden 's olympic high hurdles champion ludmila engquist , who crashed out of last week 's meeting in zurich after hitting a hurdle , also kept her footing perfectly to win in a fast 12.60 seconds . 


the zurich fall cost engquist a shot at a jackpot of 20 one-kg gold bars which can be won by athletes who clinch their events at all of the golden four series in oslo , zurich , brussels and berlin . 


seven athletes went into friday 's penultimate meeting of the series with a chance of winning the prize and american men 's 400 metres hurdles champion derrick adkins kept his hopes alive in the competition by winning his event in 47.93 . 


american olympic champion gail devers clocked a swift 10.84 seconds on her way to victory in the women 's 100 metres , the second fastest time of the season and 0.10 seconds faster than her winning time in atlanta . 


he will , however , have to do without the dortmund trio of libero matthias sammer , midfielder steffen freund and defender rene schneider , who were all formally nominated despite being injured . 


draws for the uefa cup and the cup 's winners cup involving greek 


cricket - sri lanka and australia say relations have healed . 


sri lanka and australia agreed on friday that relations between the two teams had healed since the sri lankans ' acrimonious tour last year . 


the sri lankans were first found guilty then cleared of ball tampering and off-spinner muttiah muralitharan was called for throwing during a controversial three-test series in australia . 


" our concern is to get out there and play proper cricket , " sri lanka captain arjuna ranatunga told a news conference on the eve of a warmup match between the world cup champions and a world xi team scheduled for saturday . 


australia have been promised the presence of commandos , sniffer dogs and plainclothes policemen to ensure a limited overs tournament is trouble-free . 


the tournament , starting on august 26 , also includes india and zimbabwe . 


reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy . 


he proposed definite dates , august 25 for return of unita generals to the joint army , september 5 for the beginning of the formation of the government of national unity and reconciliation . 


until this date the free circulation of peoples and goods should be guaranteed , the government administration installed in all areas and the unita deputies should occupy their places in the national assembly . 


the president justified his proposal by the delays verified in the peace process , including the fact that areas under unita control or occupation have not been effectively demilitarised , where the unita military forces have been substituted by their so-called police . 


- president dos santos proposes the establishment by un security council of definitive and final timetable for the tasks and obligations under the lusaka agreement and the sending of a mission of sc , as soon as possible , to supervise the execution of the agreement . 


and scorpion minerals inc , a junior gold exploration company with five indonesian mining properties , was up c$ 0.50 to c$ 6 , with about 120,000 shares changing hands . 


tvx and kinross rose after recent buy recommendations from u.s. brokers , analysts said . 


but scorpion was raising a lot of eyebrows after it issued a release friday morning saying it was not aware of any developments that could have affected the stock . 


the company was formed this year and a couple of analysts have been on their properties , said one analyst . 


in a filing with the securities and exchnage commission , buffett said he bought 62,900 additional common shares of the boston-based real estate investment trust at prices ranging from $ 7.65 to $ 8.02 a share . 


the u.s. and colombian governments reached an agreement that will allow amr corp 's american airlines to operate three round-trip flights between new york and bogota , the department of transportation said friday . 


under the agreement , which followed talks in miami this week , amr also will be allowed to shift up to four of the weekly flights it now operates between miami and colombia to its new york gateway . 


with the exception of the new services just agreed to , the governments of the two nations have agreed to maintain their current level of routes and airlines for the next 2-1/2 years , the agreement said . 


the agreement resolved a dispute that arose in june when colombia turned down american 's request to operate flights between new york and bogota , a denial that prompted the united states to charge that the colombians were breaking a bilateral aviation agreement and to propose sanctions against one of two colombian airlines , avianca and aces . 


clean tanker fixtures and enquiries - 1754 gmt . 


world bridge 30 03/09 south korea / japan rnr cnr . 


" butch and i are finished , " norman told reporters on thursday before the start of the world series of golf in akron , ohio . 


the blonde australian opened with a level par round of 70 in akron , leaving him four shots adrift of the leaders , americans billy mayfair and paul goydos and japan 's hidemichi tanaki . 


maybe this was one of those years where i was there , but i was n't 100 percent there , and you have to be 100 percent to perform , " he said . 


hapoel taibe fields four jewish players and two foreign imports -- a pole and a romanian . 


but away from their home ground , they face unfriendly crowds who taunt the players with racist abuse . 


chants from the crowd of " death to the arabs " , and bottle-throwing during the game marred the match which ended in a goalless draw . 


one taibe supporter required hospital treatment for cuts and bruises after a stone struck his head as he was driving from the stadium . 


but we know that these are only words , nobody has died from hearing them and it only makes us support our team more vehemently . " 


the dusty town of taibe lacks the amenities of jewish communities and many israeli arabs have long complained of state discrimination . 


" there are no parks or empty areas of land around here , so when we want to play a friendly game of soccer we all load up in the car and travel to tel aviv , " 60 km ( 36 miles ) away , sameh haj yihye said . 


" we plan to build a 10,000-seat stadium , but it may well be situated elsewhere , " said club chairman abdul rahman haj yihye . " 


we will discuss this with the mayor and hopefully a new or refurbished ground will be completed by the start of the new year . " 


we are trying to do all we can to run a professional outfit , we are pleased at any support we get , but do not go out looking to represent the whole arab world . " 


soccer - kennedy and phelan both out of irish squad . 


the f.a.i. statement said that liverpool striker mark kennedy and chelsea defender terry phelan were both receiving treatment for injuries and would not be travelling to liechenstein for the game . 


european champions juventus will face english league and cup double winners manchester united in this season 's european champions ' league . 


the other two teams in the group are last season 's cup winners ' cup runners-up rapid vienna and fenerbahce of turkey . 


united have dominated the premier league in the 1990s , winning three english championships in four years , but have consistently failed in europe , crashing out of the european cup to galatasaray of turkey and spain 's barcelona at their last two attempts . 


they have not lifted a european trophy since 1991 when they beat barcelona in the cup winners ' cup final , and their one and only european cup triumph was way back in 1968 , when they beat benfica of portugal 4-1 at wembley . 


repatriation of 1.1 million rwandan hutu refugees announced by zaire and rwanda on thursday could start within the next few days , an exiled rwandan hutu lobby group said on friday . 


innocent butare , executive secretary of the rally for the return of refugees and democracy in rwanda ( rdr ) which says it has the support of rwanda 's exiled hutus , appealed to the international community to deter the two countries from going ahead with what it termed a " forced and inhuman action " . 


zadar police said in a statement they had launched an investigation and were doing their best to find the perpetrators . 


the area was part of the self-styled state of krajina proclaimed by minority serbs in 1991 and recaptured by the croatian army last year . 


up to 200,000 serbs fled to bosnia and yugoslavia , leaving krajina vacant and depopulated . 


international reserves and 


government and nbh 9,510.9 10,056.4 


germany and poland agreed on friday to tighten cooperation between their intelligence services in fighting international organised crime , pap news agency reported . 


interior minister zbigniew siemiatkowski and bernd schmidbauer , german intelligence co-ordinator in helmut kohl 's chancellery , sealed the closer links during talks in warsaw . 


ministry spokesman ryszard hincza told the polish agency the services would work together against mafia-style groups , drug smuggling and illegal trade in arms and radioactive materials . 


rebel fighters and russian soldiers said a ceasefire effective at noon ( 0800 gmt ) on friday was being generally observed , although scattered gunfire echoed through the chechen capital grozny . 


" there has been some shooting from their side but it has been relatively quiet , " said fighter aslan shabazov , a bearded man wearing a white t-shirt and camoflage trousers . 


soon after he spoke another burst of gunfire rocked the courtyard where the rebels had set up their base and a captured russian t-72 tank roared out to investigate . 


the separatists , who swept into grozny on august 6 , still control large areas of the centre of town , and russian soldiers are based at checkpoints on the approach roads . 


a few helicopters flew overhead , firing off flares , but there was no shooting from the air . 


the truce , the latest of several , was agreed in talks on thursday between russian peacemaker alexander lebed and rebel chief-of-staff aslan maskhadov . 


the two also agreed to set up joint patrols in grozny , but goncharova said she was sceptical about whether this could work . 


" we have to try it , but i doubt if this is possible with the separatists , " she said . 


no closures of airports in the commonwealth of independent states are expected on august 24 and august 25 , the russian weather service said on friday . 


yugoslavia and croatia were poised on friday to sign a landmark normalisation treaty ending five years of tensions and paving way for stabilisation in the balkans . 


croatian foreign minister mate granic landed at belgrade airport aboard a croatian government jet on friday morning for talks with his yugoslav counterparts and a signing ceremony expected around noon ( 1000 gmt ) . 


last-minute talks this week on the legal fine print finally cleared the way for a treaty based on mutual recognition within internationally recognised borders and the establishment of diplomatic relations , diplomats said . 


western powers regard diplomatic normalisation between croatia and serbia , twin pillars of the old multinational federal yugoslavia , as a crucial step towards a lasting peace in the balkans . 


" it was about time for the indians , the blacks and the mixed-bloods to begin eating in the palace with their president because this is not a palace exclusively for the potentates and ambassadors and protocol , " bucaram said late on thursday . 


" in these weekly lunches we are going to get to know the problems of the indian , mixed-race , black and peasant sectors , " he said . 


two russian-built hovercrafts , capable of carrying up to 50 tons each , will begin ferrying passengers and cargo up and down the huge river from its mouth at belem by the end of the year , brazil 's amazon affairs department said in a statement . 


the use of riverways in the region has been made a priority under a government plan for the amazon and the high-speed hovercraft will help reduce the time involved in travelling often massive distances , it said . 


hong kong financial secretary donald tsang will visit indonesia and new zealand from august 25 to 31 , the government said on friday . 


in jakarta , tsang will meet president suharto , minister of finance mar'ie muhammad , minister of foreign affairs ali alatas and minister of trade and industry tungky ariwibowo . 


on his new zealand leg from august 29 , tsang will meet prime minister jim bolger , deputy prime minister don mckinnon and minister of finance bill birch . 


jordan , which has blamed iraq for bread riots last week , has asked an iraqi diplomat to leave , official and diplomatic sources said on friday . 


iraq retaliated then by expelling a junior administrator working in the jordanian embassy in baghdad but has continued its policy of trying to avoid public conflicts with jordan -- its only secure route to the rest of the world . 


jordan has accused iraq and a local pro-baghdad party for the country 's worst unrest in seven years which erupted after it almost doubled the prices of bread last week under radical economic reforms agreed with the international monetary fund . 


" disperse , abstain from forming groups and help maintain order , " army officers , who has enforced a loose curfew since the riots , told the crowd through loudspeakers . 


he had earlier mounted the mosque 's pulpit to demand release of detainees , an end to raids on houses and the cancelling of the bread price rises . 


armoured cars had patrolled streets in karak , traditional bastion of communist ideology and baath socialism that swept the region in the 1950s , and guarded entrances to the hill-top city famed for its crusader castle before the prayers . 


there was also heavy security in the crowded centre of amman , where smaller clashes had erupted last saturday , but friday prayers at the main mosque ended quietly as police in full riot gear looked on . 


the jordanian arab socialist baath party , which has one deputy in the 80-seat lower house of parliament , has denied involvement in unrest which it blamed on government policies and rising economic hardship . 


two security officials and two state-paid village guards were killed in the fighting with kurdistan workers party ( pkk ) guerrillas , the agency quoted the emergency rule governor 's office as saying . 


eight of the rebels were killed in van province , five in sirnak and four in hakkari . 


more than 20,000 people have died in the pkk 's 12-year-old fight for independence or autonomy in southeastern turkey . 


leaders of iraq 's two main kurdish factions agreed on friday to end six days of fighting and to attend u.s.-mediated peace talks next month , the state department said . 


spokesman glyn davies said in a statement that the agreement followed direct u.s. contacts with massoud barzani , leader of the kurdistan democratic party ( kdp ) , and jalal talabani , leader of the patriotic union of kurdistan ( puk ) . 


davies said the two leaders " have agreed to cease the fighting ( and ) return their forces to the positions held before the current fighting began " on august 17 . 


he did not give a specific time for the ceasefire but said the united states looked forward to " immediate implementation " . 


the two party leaders had also agreed to meet u.s. assistant secretary for near eastern affairs robert pelletreau in september " to solidify the cease-fire and to pursue reconciliation " , davies said . 


his statement gave no venue or precise date for the meeting . 


the kdp said thursday night it had repelled an attack by thousands of puk fighters , killing , wounding or capturing about 400 opposing guerrillas . 


a knife-wielding neighbour apparently intent on sexual assault invaded a teenage slumber party on friday , killing one girl and wounding three others , police said . 


detective richard black of the chesapeake police department , said a neighbour , curtis lee white ii , 19 , was arrested in the attack , but had not been charged by late morning on friday . 


there were apparently no adults at the party as the father of the family who lived in the house was out of town and the mother died more than a year ago , black said . 


the detective said details were sketchy , but two of the teenagers were reportedly downstairs watching television when white allegedly entered the house and told the girls to take off their clothes . 


he said a male teenager sleeping upstairs reportedly heard the commotion and came downstairs and confronted white , who allegedly stabbed him more than once . 


the other teenagers also confronted the assailant and three girls , all under 18 , were stabbed , one fatally . 


he said all of the wounded teenagers were taken to a hospital but none of the injuries were considered life-threatening . 


" we 're always concerned about aflatoxin but we 're on top of it , " glickman told reporters after addressing a usda-sponsored farmers ' market . 


it may be a little more problematic because of cold , wet conditions but we 're on top of it , " the secretary said . 


asked about reports egypt has set new levels for a vomitoxin in its purchase of u.s. wheat , the secretary said " i do n't know anything about it " but added that usda officials were " looking at it . " 


weld , speaking on wbur-fm radio on thursday , said he was facing a revolt from his daughter in part because she does not want to leave cambridge , massachusetts , and move to washington . 


tracy is the great-granddaughter of democratic former president franklin roosevelt , and support for democrats runs in the family . 


the roosevelts are good friends of weld and his wife , susan roosevelt weld , a descendant of former president theodore roosevelt , who won the presidency as a republican . 


summary- showers 0.25-1.30 inch ( 6-33 mm ) and locally heavier through much of india , 75 percent coverage . 


showers and rain 0.25-1.00 inch ( 6-25 mm ) and locally heavier through most of central and south central india , up to 0.75 inch ( 19 mm ) in 75 percent of north central india , and only isolated up to 0.50 inch ( 13 mm ) elsewhere over india . 


numerous to scattered showers and thunderstorms in southern and central india , and isolated showers to the north sunday through tuesday . 


colombo estimates more than 50,000 people have been killed in the war between government forces and the liberation tigers of tamil eelam rebels in the island 's north and east . 


the constitutional monarch , who last visited china in 1993 , was scheduled to meet chinese president jiang zemin and premier li peng during his visit , they said . 


the himalayan kingdom , sandwiched between china and india , has traditionally sought to maintain close cooperation with its giant neighbours , and an equal distance from the two . 


madhusudan munakarmi was arrested on thursday after his neighbours informed police about the plight of 12-year old dhiraj k.c. , who told police his employer used to tie him up with iron chains and locks concealed under his clothes . 


" i feared he would flee from work or steal my belongings , " the kathmandu post newspaper quoted munakarmi as saying after his arrest . 


implied volatility of european bond and interest rate options should stabilise around current levels until early next week after falling before and after this week 's german-led cut in interest rates , traders said . 


a trader at a japanese bank said euromark volatility now stood at 14.00 for september contract , 16.75 for december , 19.50 for march and 21.25 for june . 


this compared with midweek levels , before the welter of interest rate cuts , of 18.50 for september , 20.00 for december , 22.00 for march and 23.5 for june , he said . 


he said caps and floors would be well bid after the round of interest rate cuts due to the fact these rates should stay low at the short end . 


" volatility has a bid to it -- longer-dated volatility more than short-dated because the event people were buying for has passed and now perhaps people will sell some short dated vol and buy some long dated vol , " he said . 


" it is not a dangerous level to own vol. you are not going to lose a lot and you could make quite a bit . " 


he said the absence on holiday of many market makers was a main factor behind falls this week in volatility in high-yielding markets such as italy , spain and sweden . 


coughlan said the market had more downside than upside potential , but a fall was not likely to be of significant size . 


" i recommend people sell strangles in a number of markets -- in germany and france in particular . 


" with high-yielding markets italy will be a lot more vulnerable in september on economic and political fronts , so i would use current the low level of vol to buy options . 


" so sell options on bunds and france to enhance yield and buy options on italy , " coughlan said .. 


goldman sachs & co wertpapier gmbh has issued a total of five million american-style call warrants , on continental ag , lead manager goldman sachs & co said . 


" we were in the process of preparing a detailed affidavit responding to the princess 's affadavit and expected to go to court in the next couple of weeks , " said stenning 's lawyer , benedict birnberg . " 


but everything has been put on ice now . " 


in an affidavit , the princess said that in chasing her stenning had got so close that he twice smashed into her car and pushed her when she tried to remove the film from his camera . 


stenning has rejected diana 's claims and said he was being made a scapegoat to scare off press photographers . 


the move came after amman blamed iraq and a pro-baghdad local political party for last week 's worst unrest in seven years after a government decision to double prices of bread . 


the jordanian arab socialist baath party has denied involvement in unrest which it blamed on government policies and rising economic hardship . 


the riots , which shook jordan for two days , broke out after last friday 's main prayers in the southern town of karak and spread to amman . 


" ...for the sake of safety we are asking for their family members or the authorities to come and pick them up , " kurdistan workers party ( pkk ) central committee member riza altun told journalists near the iraqi city of dohuk . 


erbakan has encouraged nacar 's bid but has ruled out direct talks with the rebels . 


the pkk often uses bases in northern iraq in its fight for autonomy or independence in southeast turkey . 


more than 20,000 people have died in 12 years of fighting between the guerrillas and turkish forces . 


turnover on bsm , which trades only solidere shares , was 8,049 shares from thursday 's 8,757 and value was $ 850,968 from $ 918,288 . 


there was no trade in any of the three other listed companies : ciments blancs , eternit and uniceramic . 


the blom stock index which covers both markets rose 0.04 percent to 903.09 and the lispi index rose 0.02 percent to 81.58 . 


a consortium of telephone companies and the walt disney co . 


the consortium , called americast , said the contract was part of its strategy to develop and market the next generation in home entertainment . 


in addition to disney , americast 's partners are phone companies ameritech corp. , bellsouth corp. , gte corp. and sbc communications . 


, to make picture tubes for 32- and 35-inch screen tv sets . 


luehrs said manufacturing will begin and revenue will start to roll in during the first half of next year . 


luehrs said digital technology in set-top boxes is only the beginning and said the technology will eventually show up in retail consumer electronics . 


last month , it reported a second-quarter loss of $ 33.2 million , or 51 cents a share , vs. a loss of $ 45.3 million , or 97 cents a share , a year earlier . 


robert gutenstein , an analyst for kalf , voorhis & co . 


, said the contract was " not unique , but it 's big . " 


" digital is coming , it 's economic and the question is what will make the consumer happy and at what price . " 


the party is running on a platform claiming it can ward off problems before they occur through techniques such as mass meditation that would reduce stress , crime , terrorism and even wars . 


" social stress can be reduced and problems such as crime and violence will automatically decrease , " said a party paper . 


many party members are practitioners of tm , which involves meditating to a repeated word or phrase , called a mantra . 


but in a demonstration of " yogic flying " several years ago , critics said the people were merely bouncing off the ground from a sitting position . 


a year after its massively publicized introduction , microsoft corp. 's windows 95 computer operating system has fallen short of the most optimistic expectations for the software giant and the industry . 


the redmond , wash.-based company spent tens of millions of dollars promoting the product with stunts that included buying the entire print run of the times of london and lighting new york 's empire state building in a windows color scheme . 


but the product , delivered eight months late , has fallen short of its sales potential in part because microsoft delivered a mixed message to business customers , analysts said . 


scores of software and hardware companies that had hoped for a big boost in sales were disappointed when only a brief spike materialized . 


touchstone software corp. had to pay $ 1.3 million in cash and stock to settle a shareholders lawsuit brought after the company 's sales failed to meet expectations tied to the windows 95 launch . 


to be sure , sales of windows 95 and the accompanying office 95 upgrade drove microsoft sales up 46 percent last year to a record $ 8.67 billion and cemented the company 's status as the industry 's dominant company . 


microsoft executives say they are thrilled with the sales figures , and industry analysts estimate that by sometime next year , the installed base of windows 95 will surpass that of the older version of windows , now used on about 100 million computers worldwide . 


but enderle said the figure could have been even higher if microsoft had done a better job of handling the huge demand for technical support from customers who were frustrated trying to install the system . 


he and other analysts said corporate america adopted a go-slow approach because microsoft already was promoting the new version of its high-end windows nt operating system , expected to be available in stores in the next several weeks . 


but now that windows nt 4.0 has been launched , winkler and others believe only a relatively small proportion of corporate users will elect to pay the added software and hardware costs needed to use it instead of windows 95 . 


the united states said on thursday it remained committed to migration accords with cuba and would continue to repatriate intercepted cuban migrants who attempted to enter u.s. territory illegally . 


" the united states reiterates its full commitment to the implementation " of the accords signed by the two countries in 1994 and 1995 , said the statement by spokesman glyn davies . 


" the united states will continue to return cuban migrants intercepted at sea who seek to enter the united states or the guantanamo naval base illegally , " it said . 


washington would also take " prompt and effective law enforcement action " against alien smuggling and hijackings from cuba , it added . 


davies told reporters the statement would be distributed in the cuban exile community in miami " to remind everyone of the importance of abiding by the accords and avoiding dangerous attempts to cross the straits " from cuba to florida . 


havana 's complaints centred on an incident in which a boatload of emigrants capsized in the florida straits last week and two recent aircraft hijackings from cuba . 


sixteen of those picked up from the boat were returned to cuba but eight were taken to the united states and three to guantanamo bay , a u.s. base on cuba , until they emigrated to another nation . 


the most recent hijacking , last friday , involved three hijackers and the pilot of a small aircraft . 


davies said on tuesday the pilot could soon return to cuba but u.s. authorities planned to try the hijackers . 


in an incident on july 7 , a cuban interior ministry official hijacked a commercial plane and sought aylum at guantanamo bay . 


according to a new release from the governor , wisconsin submitted a plan to the u.s. department of health and human services for administration of the new block grant system for welfare just minutes after president bill clinton signed the measure into law thursday . 


" as the nation 's leader in welfare reform , wisconsin is far ahead of the curve and ready to go under this new system , " thompson said . 


he said that despite the new law , wisconsin will still require federal waivers allowing the working poor to acquire health care coverage from the state , a 60-day residency requirement for participation in the welfare program , and child support collections to go directly to custodial parents . 


the nation 's new welfare reform law limits eligibility , gives states more power and ends direct federal aid for poor children . 


a vietnamese man who tried to take a snooze in a railway boxcar in canada found himself locked in and bound for alaska with no food or water . 


officials in the port of whittier said on thursday that they found tuan quac phan , 29 , dehydrated , famished and terrified after sailing to alaska from canada in the boxcar loaded on a barge , a trip that takes about five days . 


" he had climbed up in this boxcar to get out of the weather and to get some sleep , " jewell said . " 


the next thing you know , the boxcar is coupled up and loaded up to a barge and headed north . " 


officials fed phan some soup , gave him medical care , kept him overnight and then fed him a large breakfast . 


state and federal agents on thursday sifted through the rubble of two predominantly black arkansas churches that burned within minutes of one another late tuesday and early wednesday . 


both churches were in the mississippi delta region of arkansas , about 90 miles ( 145 kms ) southeast of little rock , and were located within three miles of one another . 


" we 're investigating with the idea that both fires may be arson , but that has n't been conclusively established , " said wayne jordan , a spokesman for the arkansas state police . 


agents of the f.b.i. and the bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms were also at the scene , jordan said . 


mount zion missionary baptist church and st. matthews missionary baptist church were both frame structures , each near turner , arkansas , a small community surrounded by cotton and soybean fields . 


others connected with the two churches said they shared that suspicion , although all said they knew of no motive and no racial tension in the area . 


a black church near camden , arkansas , about 100 miles ( 161 kms ) south of little rock , burned in july , but federal agents have not determined the cause . 


-- it set earnings estimates of $ 0.08 a share for fiscal 1996 , $ 0.13 for 1997 , $ 0.40 for 1998 and $ 0.43 for 1999 . 


-- " based on our simulated production , income and cash flow models , common shares of royal oak are at a significant discount to the industry averages , " everen said . 


-- the short-term price objective is $ 5 a share and the long-term objective is $ 9 . 


the purchase is not expected to have a material effect o sungard 's financial condition or results of operations . 


lockhart , based in paramount , calif. , is a designer and manufacturer of sophisticated thermal management products . 


dutch post and telecoms group koninklijke ptt nederland nv 's ( dutch ptt ) first half results came marginally below most analysts ' forecasts , giving scant grounds to adjust full year estimates , analysts said on friday . 


there 's really no reason to change our forecast and our largely positive view on the stock . " 


dredging group koninklijke boskalis westminster nv said on friday it expected higher turnover and profits for the second half of 1996 ( corrects from the full year 1996 ) . 


" an improvement is expected in capacity utilisation , turnover and profits , " the company said in a statement . 


the world 's largest dredger said in march that it was uncertain whether it could hold 1996 full-year profit steady at the previous year 's 70.9 million guilders , but added long-term prospects were good . 


socialist prime minister costas simitis announced the snap poll on thursday citing problems with the economy , the country 's convergence with the european union and tense relations with neighbouring turkey . 


u.s. marine biologists have trained a pair of sea lions to tag and photograph elusive whales as they cruise through the pacific depths , new scientist magazine reported on thursday . 


james harvey and jennifer hurley of the moss landing marine laboratories in california say their sea lions , natural companions of many species of whale , can go where no man or woman has ever gone before . 


the sea lions -- 17-year-old beaver and nine-year-old sake -- have undergone six years of training for their mission . 


beaver once worked for the u.s. navy and sake is an amusement park veteran . 


harvey said they could accurately tag whales with a radio transmitter , and could also swim all the way around one of the giant mammals , filming it with a video camera . 


the article did not spell out exactly how the sea lions manage to tag the whales but said in training they were taught to stick a radio transmitter on to a plastic model of a whale using suction cups . 


the conservative government 's plan for reform of the industrial relations environment and to partially sell telstra has also been opposed by parties in the senate such as the greens and australian democrats as well as the official opposition , the labor party . 


niugini holds copper and gold mining interests in australia , chile and papua new guinea , where it has a 17.2 percent stake in the lihir gold project . 


geology prefessors were quoted as saying that their collection of 10,000 rocks , gathered from across the nation and abroad , were irreplaceable . 


" these are not like missing window panes or broken desks . 


up to 100,000 tonnes of copper held in shanghai bonded warehouses , confounding the world market as to its source and ultimate fate , probably belongs to china 's strategic state reserve , industry sources said on friday . 


just who owns the copper is a question that has kept traders and industry analysts guessing since the metal was channelled into shanghai by the china national nonferrous metals import and export corp ( cniec ) in june and july . 


it was unclear whether or not the 40,000 tonnes had cleared customs -- which would provide some concrete indication that the strategic reserve , administered directly by the central government 's state planning commission , owned the copper . 


traders have said the reserve could negotiate concessions on duties -- three percent import tax and 17 percent value-added tax -- that made the copper prohibitively expensive otherwise . 


but one source , the head of a hong kong trading house , said it made no difference if the copper was customs cleared or not . 


mystery has surrounded the shanghai stockpile in recent months , with traders unsure not only of who owns it , but of its exact size and what its owner planned to do with it . 


cniec lent around 85,000 tonnes of copper onto the lme between april and june 1995 on behalf of the state reserve , running the state stockpile down to 115,000 tonnes from 200,000 tonnes previously . 


traders in asia said cniec could well have lent it to the market at around us$ 2,700 a tonne , and then paid somewhere between $ 2,200 and $ 2,400 a tonne when it started taking the metal back earlier this year . 


this would have cleared cniec a healthy profit , which could then have been used to finance storage and other costs . 


sumitomo and cniec have made no comments on the talk and chinese traders said they know nothing of such an arrangement . 


but these concerns were irrelevant , a singapore trader said , despite a forecast that domestic chinese copper demand could hit one million tonnes this year . 


note - marble and granite products distributor companion marble , a spinoff of construction materials concern companion building material ( holdings ) ltd , was listed on the stock exchange on april 25 , 1996 . 


shanghai post and telecomm net down . 


company name : shanghai posts and telecommunications equipment co 


german retailer promodes is in advanced talks about selling its german assets and the retailer 's board might decide as soon as tuesday to sell the assets to spar ag , les echos newspaper said on friday . 


it said investment bank rothschild & cie was an intermediary in the talks and added that unlisted german retailers metro , rewe and lidl were also still in discussions . 


reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy . 


- a second japanese trawler was under arrest on thursday night as the irish navy and air corps continued a cat and mouse game with up to 40 vessels off the irish coast . 


- the irish department of enterprise and employment has widened its probe into taylor asset managers to include the investigation of investments of 10 more investors . 


- irish exploration company ivernia and its south african partner minorco have received planning permission from the local county council for a major lead and zinc mine at lisheen , county tipperary . 


- building materials firm crh refused to comment on reports that it is about to pay 180 million pounds stering for u.s. stone and concrete business tilcon inc . 


- mortgage lending rates are on the way up with banks and building societies poised to add around a quarter of a percentage point to their main variable rates of interest . 


turnover fell to 937.891 million yuan from 1.215 billion , while net assets per share were 1.88 yuan , unchanged , and earnings per share fell to 0.005 yuan from 0.02 yuan , the statement said . 


in the first half , the company said it produced 8,333 vehicles and sold 9,018 , but it did not explain the difference . 


it blamed the drop in profits on a weak vehicle market and said as its engine plant had only just started trial production , the company 's results would not improve in the short-term . 


the majority shareholder , with 51 percent , or 353.24 million shares , is jiangling motors group . 


world championship leader tommi makinen in his mitsubishi was third but current world champion colin mcrae ended a bad week by crashing out . 


he and co-driver derek ringer were unhurt but team boss david richards was furious with them . 


a belgian man died and 31 people were injured after an accident in friday 's opening phase of the world championship 1,000 lakes rally . 


richardt 's mitsubishi skidded down an escape road and ploughed into a cordoned-off area for spectators . 


but play was finally suspended for the day when the storm continued . 


essex are set to step up their english county championship challenge with a fifth consecutive victory after new-ball pair neil williams and mark ilott sent gloucestershire reeling on saturday . 


williams seized two wickets in two deliveries and left-armer ilott also captured two as gloucestershire , 252 behind on first innings , slumped to 27 for four at the close on the third day of the four-day game at colchester . 


essex , who started the current round of matches in fifth place 20 points behind leaders derbyshire with a game in hand , could go top if they complete victory on monday 's last day and other results favour them . 


williams thrust essex on course for success by dispatching matt windows and andrew symonds in his second over , before ilott removed dominic hewson and tim hancock to reduce gloucestershire to 17 for four at one stage . 


the visitors had started the day optimistically by sending back former england captain graham gooch when he added just six to his overnight 105 , but essex went on to make 532 for eight before declaring . 


captain paul prichard plundered 88 from 73 deliveries , hitting 15 fours and one six . 


brown 's 56 not out , containing eight fours and three sixes , lifted surrey to 128 for four on a rain-curtailed day . 


pace trio david millns ( 2-24 ) , gordon parsons ( 3-20 ) and vince wells ( 2-19 ) had hampshire reeling at 81 for seven in reply to the home county 's first innings of 353 . 


third and final test between england and pakistan at the oval on 


at colchester : gloucestershire 280 and 27-4 . 


at northampton : sussex 389 and 112 ( c. ambrose 6-26 ) . 


northamptonshire 361 ( k. curran 117 , d. ripley 66 not out ) and 


( n. fairbrother 86 , m. watkinson 64 ; d. gough 4-53 ) and 210-5 


but two minutes later wednesday equalised through peter atherton , who found space in the penalty area to meet mark pembridge 's free kick with a precise glancing header . 


elsewhere , title hopefuls liverpool were held 0-0 at home by newly-promoted sunderland , and in london , the tie between tottenham hotspur and everton also ended goaless . 


frenchman frank leboeuf and italian gianluca vialli scored their first premier league goals as chelsea beat coventry 2-0 , and managerless arsenal won by the same scoreline at leicester . 


last season 's league and cup winners manchester united host 1995 champions blackburn on sunday . 


pakistan were 318 for two at lunch on the third day of the third and final test at the oval on saturday in reply to england 's 326 all out . 


each side scored three tries and the springboks outscored the all blacks 15-12 in the second half but still suffered a fourth successive defeat against their old enemies . 


two tries from wing jeff wilson in the first quarter gave new zealand a 24-11 lead before tries from flanker ruben kruger and scrum-half joost van der westhuizen in the space of two minutes narrowed the gap to a single point at 23-24 . 


the springboks would have gone ahead had not fly-half joel stransky 's conversion hit an upright and new zealand only scrambled to safety through a fine penalty from replacement fly-half jon preston and a drop goal by number eight zinzan brooke . 


lost , winning percentage and games behind ) : 


ajax , who had a dismal series of pre-season results before beating nac of breda in their opening game , had the best of an entertaining first half but failed to break the deadlock . 


eight minutes after the interval , heerenveen 's romeo wouden broke through the amsterdam defence , left defender john veldman standing and curled the ball beyond goalkeeper edwin van der sar into the ajax net . 


ajax , without injured defenders marcio santos and winston bogarde and strikers jari litmanen and marc overmars , then stepped up the pace and looked certain to equalise . 


but they left gaps at the back and on 73 minutes danish striker jon dahl tomasson rushed out of his own half , beat the ajax defence and lobbed van der sar . 


the one-day match between sri lanka and a world xi was abandoned on saturday because of rain . 


" the worst period of physical manhandling was during that time when we were beaten with kalashnikovs and at one point i had a kalashnikov held to the back of my throat -- cocked , " he said . 


" for the first period we were held in a small room with no bed or anything . 


we had very little food and sometimes went two or three days without eating . " 


gunmen seized penrose , who comes from swerford in southern england , frenchman frederic malardeau and six other hostages from their car in grozny , the capital of chechnya , on july 27 . 


the assailants had demanded a ransom of 300,000 pounds ( $ 465,000 ) but no money was paid by the charity when they were released on wednesday . 


the hostages were held in a house in or near grozny which was bombarded regularly . 


at first it was street fighting outside the house and then we came under very heavy shelling and bombardment from conventional weapons like tanks , artillery and grenade launchers , " he said . 


but maybe in the future , depending on the circumstances . " 


diana 's office said on saturday the princess had sent a message to the nobel peace prize-winning missionary as news broke this week of her battle against heart problems and malaria . 


she said afterwards that the meeting had fulfilled her " dearest wish " and the two women have met several times since . 


the princess , who has carved out a major role for herself as a helper of the sick and needy , is said to have turned to mother teresa for guidance as her marriage crumbled to heir to the british throne prince charles . 


doctors caring for mother teresa in a calcutta hospital said on saturday that her fever had fallen and her malaria was under control but she remained on a respirator in intensive care . 


about 350 adventurers from nine countries set out on saturday to climb , raft , bike and run in a 323-mile ( 517-km ) endurance race through the canadian wilderness . 


i think it will be more physically challenging and we 'll have to go up against more diverse situations due to the terrain , " said dr. michael stroud , a veteran eco-challenge participant . 


the eco-challenge has been staged twice before -- in utah and maine last year -- and is modelled on similar races overseas . 


the 70 teams in this year 's race will will trek glaciers , climb mountains , whitewater raft , horseback ride , canoe and mountain bike along the grueling course . 


the area is filled with treacherous mountain peaks , ice fields and frigid waters . 


organisers expect about two-thirds of the participants to drop out or be disqualified before the finish . 


in the eco-challenge , competitors race in teams of five which must include both men and women . 


team members must remain within 100 yards ( metres ) of each other at all times and finish together . 


with racers carrying about 40 pounds ( 18 kg ) of gear on their backs , broken bones , sunstroke , dehydration and exhaustion are common . 


the chairman of the local council , damian ejiohuo , said drugs had been rushed to the area to quell the disease and the community needed a safer source of drinking water to prevent future outbreaks . 


" i feel all right and i eat everything that is put on the table . 


and that means i am all right , " he told reporters invited to his home . 


banda , a vegetarian teetotaller believed to be 97 , walked unaided but supporting himself on a walking stick . 


he spent a year under house arrest and was tried but acquitted last year on charges of ordering the murder of four opponents in 1983 . 


the zimbabwean government fired thousands of workers on saturday for defying an order to end a strike which has crippled essential services and disrupted international and domestic flights . 


the public service commission ( psc ) said in a statement that the workers -- including nurses , junior doctors , mortuary attendants , customs officers and firefighters -- would be barred from entering their workplaces on monday . 


" all civil servants who did not return to work at their normal working hours , and remained working for the full working day on 23 august 1996 , have been summarily dismissed ... 


public service , labour and social welfare minister florence chitauro told state radio her ministry had already begun recruiting other people to replace the strikers , sub-contracting some of the work to private firms . 


but the strikers ignored the threat and vowed to stay on the streets until their demands for wage rises of 30 to 60 percent were met . 


the stoppage has left essential services stretched with many hospitals handling only emergency cases under senior doctors with the help of army medical personnel and the red cross . 


some internal services were cancelled , leaving tourists at the victoria falls resort stranded , and flights abroad were delayed . 


opposition parties , civic organisations and private-sector unions have expressed support for the action and denounced the government 's pay rises of up to eight percent for its workers . 


zairean prime minister kengo wa dondo said on thursday in a visit to rwanda that his country would expell all the refugees back to rwanda but he gave no timeframe . 


many had taken part in the genocide that year of one million people , mostly tutsis , and refuse to go home for fear of reprisal at the hands of the new tutsi-dominated government in kigali . 


gatera said the refugees were handed over following a deal made at a meeting between the governor of zaire 's north kivu region and his counterpart in the rwandan border town of gisenyi . 


" after a meeting between the governor of north kivu and the prefect of gisenyi , 28 prisoners ( refugees ) were handed over to rwandan authorities on friday , " gatera said . " 


a limelight-loving south african chief was in disgrace on saturday after a prized skull he brought home from scotland was identified as belonging not to his sacred tribal ancestor , but to a middle-aged white woman . 


chief nicholas gcaleka , dressed in animal skins and full tribal regalia , journeyed to a wintry scotland in february on a hugely publicised quest to find hintsa 's skull . 


the witchdoctor said ancestors had appeared to him in a dream and ordered him to return the head , said to have been carried off as a colonial trophy by the officer who shot and allegedly beheaded hintsa after a battle in 1835 . 


but gcaleka ran into trouble as soon as he returned to south africa with a skull he found in a cottage in a lonely highland forest near inverness . 


members of the xhosa royal family , branding gcaleka a charlatan , confiscated the head and sent it for tests to a forensic scientist , who examined the shape of the skull and the hole that he determined had not come , as supposed , from a bullet . 


sudanese police have arrested three people trying to smuggle sewing machines and army clothing to sudanese opposition groups in eritrea , an official newspaper reported on saturday . 


the government-owned al-ingaz al-watani said the smugglers were caught in banat in the eastern state of kassala , on the border with eritrea , and had confessed they were on their way to " the so-called alliance forces which have been undertaking subversive operations on the eastern border " . 


authorities in kassala said opposition forces based in eritrea have been laying landmines and stealing vehicles and other goods to smuggle them across the border into eritrea . 


" the congress will approve new concepts that will turn the party into a social-democratic and electoral party , not a class and ideological one , " the socialist zeri i popullit daily said in an editorial . 


the pro-reform stance of some of the party leadership initially caused a storm and triggered the resignation last month of the party 's secretary-general gramoz ruci . 


more recently political commentators have reported a growing consensus , however , and a rift at the meeting looks increasingly unlikely . 


chamorro , 66 , suffers from osteoporosis , a disease that weakens the bones , and has repeatedly flown to washington for treatment by her longtime doctor , sam wilson . 


gyaicain told the royal visitor increased cooperation between nepal and tibet was possible in the fields of trade , tourism , communications and sports , it said . 


the two iranian men were arrested in july with 419 kilograms ( 924 lbs ) of opium after they opened fire on police and killed a pedestrain and wounded four , the newspaper quoted a police commander as saying . 


one of the men , who killed the pedestrian , was hanged at the site of the crime and the other was executed in adel prison in shiraz , the newspaper said . 


possession of 30 grammes ( just over an ounce ) of heroin or five kg ( 11 lb ) of opium is punishable by death in iran . 


iran has an estimated one million drug addicts and is a key transit route for drugs , mostly opium , smuggled to europe through afghanistan and pakistan -- the so called " golden crescent . " 


" we were not allowed a delay to enable us to transfer the movement 's goods and documents , " khalfallah added in a statement . 


the mds was represented in court and admitted owing money for rent but did not give details . 


mds this year lost its president and vice-president , both of whom were tried and given jail sentences . 


mds president mohamed moada was sentenced last february to 11 years in jail on charges of having secret contacts with libyan agents and receiving money from tripoli . 


to replace moada , the mds after the trial named khalfallah as " coordinator " but ismail boulahya , the last of the mds founding members still politically active , claimed the title of president , causing a new split within the movement . 


the puk-run radio on friday said iraqi heavy artillery was pounding its positions in kurdish-controlled northern iraq but it gave no details of casualties . 


the united states said in washington on friday that it had brokered a ceasefire to end six days of fighting between the two main kurdish factions and persuaded them to attend u.s.-mediated peace talks next month . 


u.s. , british and french planes have been patrolling the skies of northern iraq since shortly after the 1991 gulf war to shield iraq 's kurds from any attack by iraqi troops . 


iran has accused iraq of violating the ceasefire ending their 1980-88 war some 32 times between the end of march and may 31 this year , the iranian news agency irna reported on saturday . 


" the islamic republic of iran has reported some 32 new cases of ceasefire violations by the iraqi regime between march 31 and may 31 , 1996 , " it reported from new york . 


it said violations included constructing observation posts , installing mortars and anti-aircraft cannons , setting up tents , penetrating iranian territory , and firing rifle grenades towards iranian territory . 


reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy . 


- offers from arab and foreign companies to supply iraq with goods . 


president bill clinton has served notice he intends to be busy " making news " -- or at least doing things that look and sound like it in a campaign year . 


with democrats gathering in chicago to start a convention on monday to nominate him for a second term as president , clinton plans a steady parade of events designed to highlight his leadership and dim the glow of the just-concluded republican conclave that gave a boost to rival bob dole . 


" today i am pleased to announce that we are following through on our commitment to keep track of these criminals , not just in a single state but wherever they go , " he said . 


in the past week clinton signed into law an increase in the minimium wage , a bill that makes it easier for someone with a pre-existing health problem to change jobs , and sweeping changes overhauling the nation 's welfare system . 


" america can look back on a week of remarkable achievement , " clinton said , without even a passing reference to the republican majority in the house and senate . 


" america is on the right track offering more opportunity , demanding more responsibility , building a stronger community , the sense of shared values and stronger families , " he said in striking the theme of his coming week . 


clinton departs on sunday on a four-day train trip through west virginia , kentucky , ohio , michigan and indiana while fellow democrats are gathered in chicago . 


" he 'll make news during the day ... and then at night the attention will go to the convention , " said the campaign official . " 


although officials decline to say just what each day 's " news " will be , the intent is to put a focus on clinton himself and not just those attending the party 's convention . 


" we 'll be concentrating ... on supporting the president as he is on the trip and making significant public policy statements related to some of his plans for the future , " said white house press secretary mike mccurry . 


mccurry said that when clinton delivers his acceptance address on thursday night to fellow democrats and a national television audience , he will " set out a road map " for the nation 's future -- one the president hopes guides him back to the white house for four more years . 


hurricane edouard grew stronger on saturday as it swirled across the atlantic ocean , but forecasters at the national hurricane center said the storm would likely swing north and miss the caribbean . 


" edouard is getting stronger and stronger , and it already has winds of 105 mph ( 185 kph ) , " said hurricane forecaster lixion avila . 


" but the good news is that all our computer models indicate edouard is going to turn to the west-northwest on sunday and miss the islands , " he added . 


at 11 a.m. edt ( 1500 gmt ) , edouard was 1,130 miles east of the lesser antilles and moving west at 14 mph ( 25 kph ) . 


eta ( basque homeland and freedom ) has killed about 800 people in its campaign for an independent basque state since the 1960s . 


but ruehe told bild am sonntag in an interview that a " new and different mandate " for the troops would be agreed on for next year after the current mandate expires in december . 


a completely new and different mandate will be agreed for next year , " ruehe said . 


" but we must avoid giving the impression this peace deployment in former yugoslavia is being perceived in the long run as an occupation . 


on the other hand we must prevent any return of war and massacres " he said . 


" we will then proceed with the annexation of sardinia , corsica and cyprus , " cimicchi told reporters on saturday . 


orvieto , located in umbria between rome and florence , was once the capital of etruria , an ancient federation of 12 etruscan towns . 


he has recently dropped a drive for federalism , saying secession from rome 's wasteful and centralised bureaucracy is the only solution for northerners . 


it quoted the lawyer of gianfranco stevanin as saying the 35-year-old farmer confessed on friday to a verona magistrate that he had killed and mutilated the women . 


stevanin , arrested in 1994 and jailed for three years for assaulting an austrian prostitute , is accused of murdering five women , three of whose bodies were found near his villa outside verona between july and december 1995 . 


two of the corpses were identified but not the third , found headless and decomposed in a sack in a nearby canal . 


lawyer cesare dal maso told ansa that stevanin confessed to beheading and dumping the body of a fourth woman in the nearby adige river . 


stevanin was first sentenced for assault but investigators began digging in the garden of his villa after the first body was found by a passer-by . 


belgian police searched two more houses on saturday for bodies in a child-sex scandal of murder , kidnapping and pornography that has sent a shockwave of revulsion throughout europe . 


in just over a week two young girls have been found dead , from starvation , two have been freed from a dungeon-like secret compartment and an international hunt has started for at least two others . 


on saturday investigators with dogs trained to find bodies searched one house at ransart and one at mont-sur-marchienne -- both suburbs of the southern city of charleroi . 


belgian media speculated that dutroux , charged with abduction and illegal imprisonment of children , must have had high level protection to molest youngsters . 


they put forward no proof to support the speculation , but seized on a comment by chief prosecutor michel bourlet on belgian television on friday night that he would chase down everyone involved in the case " if i am allowed to " . 


bourlet said between 300 and 400 paedophile porn video tapes had been seized , some of which featured dutroux . 


dutroux was charged a week ago after police rescued two young girls from a concrete dungeon in the basement of one of the six houses he owns in and around charleroi . 


julie lejeune and melissa russo , had been kidnapped in june last year . 


he also admitted kidnapping two other girls , an marchal and eefje lambrecks , a year ago . 


the fate of the girls is unknown , but there has been speculation they were sold into prostitution in slovakia or the czech republic where dutroux was a frequent visitor . 


belgian police have visited bratislava and will visit prague . 


the others have been charged with abduction and illegal imprisonment of children or are suspected of criminal association . 


dutch police are also holding a 74-year old dutchman in connection with the disappearance of an and eefje , although a spokesman said no direct link had yet been established . 


at least part of the speculation in the belgian media of high-level protection for dutroux and his accomplices is based on leaked documents cataloguing a high degree of police bungling , incompetence and indifference . 


among the revelations are the fact that the gendarmerie was running a surveillance operation codenamed " othello " against dutroux in 1995 -- when both julie and melissa and an and eefje were kidnapped . 


they show that the gendarmes were aware that dutroux was building cells in some of his houses for holding children , yet this information was either not passed on to other police forces searching for the missing girls or was overlooked when it was . 


they also show that police investigating a theft visited dutroux late last year at the house where julie and melissa were being held but accepted his word that the children 's cries they could hear came from neighbours . 


justice minister stefaan de clerck has admitted that mistakes were made and ordered an inquiry at the same time as stressing there were no indications of a cover-up . 


an algerian newspaper on saturday put at seven -- two women and five children -- the death toll of a bomb blast in a market west of algiers on friday . 


algerian security forces said on friday three women and two children were killed and five people wounded when a home-made bomb exploded at a market in the coastal town of bou haroun , 65 km ( 40 miles ) west of algiers . 


el-watan paper said the blast killed seven -- a mother and her 25-year-old daughter , four young boys and a five-year-old girl . 


an estimated 50,000 algerians and more than 110 foreigners have been killed in violence pitting moslem rebels against government forces since early 1992 , when the authorities cancelled a general election in which radical islamists had taken a commanding lead . 


the container was on its way to romania via the former yugoslavia from singapore and was the biggest drugs haul in malta , police said . 


a czech coach crashed and burst into flames on a southern austrian motorway early on saturday , killing one person and injuring 15 , police said . 


while 57 percent of the population supported negotiations with eta ( basque homeland and freedom ) , 30 percent opposed it , the survey by the state-controlled centre for sociological studies ( cis ) found . 


but 80 percent said eta had shown little interest in achieving peace in the basque country when it offered a one-week truce in july while continuing to hold prison officer jose antonio ortega lara , kidnapped in january . 


the problem of terrorism had neither worsened nor improved since the conservative popular party ( pp ) came to power in may , according to 56 percent of those questioned , while 22 percent said it had worsened . 


the survey questioned 2,496 people between july 17 and 21 and has a margin of error of plus or minus two percent . 


at least 30 people have been killed and about 100 injured in the flood-hit pakistani city of lahore , newspapers reported on saturday . 


they said 461 mm ( 18 inches ) of rain had drenched the punjab provincial capital in 36 hours , turning streets into rivers , knocking out power , water and telephone services , disrupting air and rail traffic , and sweeping away houses and cars . 


officials said the ravi and chenab rivers , which both flow through punjab , were in high flood and emergency services backed by troops were on full alert . 


david cowan , internet startup founder and acting chief executive , is a general partner of bessemer . 


internet startup , which opened its doors with about half a dozen initial employees , combines experience at javasoft , apple computer inc. , and oracle systems . 


just last week , sun microsystems and the silicon valley venture capital giant kleiner perkins caufield & byers said they had completed financing of a $ 100 million fund managed by kleiner perkins to fund startups developing java technologies . 


java has been licensed by nearly 50 organisations , ranging from microsoft corp. and international business machines corp. to the taiwan government . 


in this model , individual computer users can always gain access to the latest programmes and do not need to store more software than they are currently using on their computers at any one time , also saving costs of memory and storage . 


chris zuleeg , a veteran of apple and a former javasoft marketing manager , is vice president of marketing at internet startup , whose web site is www.internetstartup.com . 


bessemer has funded numerous internet pioneers , including psi net , verisign and individual . 


along with mayfiar at 277 for the tournament were steve stricker , who had a 68 , and duffy waldorf , with a 66 . 


" this is a major championship golf course , and for me to perform well on this style of course is a big step up for me in my career and my performance in future majors , " he said . 


on the back nine mickelson began driving erratically , and poor tee shots resulted in bogeys on the , eighth , 12th and 13th holes , bringing mickelson back to four under par , tied with mayfair , who had parred 14 straight holes after the birdie on no.2 . 


mayfair bogeyed the 17th , missing a five foot par putt , and dropped from solo second place to a three way tie for second . 


the defending champion was in contention , two behind mickelson for much of the day , until he bogeyed the 13th and 14th holes . 


luke jensen and murphy jensen ( u.s. ) beat alexander volkov 


( russia ) and handrik dreekmann ( germany ) 6-3 7-6 ( 7-5 ) 


and mika hakkinen of finland was third in a mclaren . 


britain 's damon hill fifth in a williams and gerhard berger of 


honda 's takeda was pursued past corser by the yamaha duo of noriyuki haga and wataru yoshikawa with haga briefly taking the lead in the final chicane on the last lap . 


but takeda found one more spurt of power to just take the flag first with haga second and yoshikawa third . 


kocinski led for the early laps before he was passed first by aoki , who recorded the fastest lap of 147.786 kph , and then by takeda . 


with takeda out of the race , kocinski regained second place but he could not overtake aoki . 


but the strong showing by the japanese riders did not alter the championship table with slight still leading on 280 points , followed by corser with 269 and kocinski with 254 . 


after an hour 's interruption for rain , warwickshire then reached an adjusted target of 109 with 13 balls to spare and record their fifth win in the last six games . 


warwickshire are currently in fourth position behind yorkshire , nottinghamshire and surrey . 


lancashire 's total of 205 for eight from 40 overs looked reasonable before byas put their attack to the sword , collecting his runs from just 100 balls with three sixes and nine fours . 


yorkshire eventually reached their target with only four wickets down and 7.5 overs to spare . 


cricket - england 326 and 74-0 ; pakistan 521-8 declared . 


and final test at the oval on sunday . 


scores : england 326 and 74-0 ; pakistan 521-8 declared . 


the third and final test between england and pakistan at the 


innings at 521-8 on the fourth day of the third and final test 


pakistan were 473-6 at tea on the fourth day of the third and final test at the oval on sunday in reply to england 's 326 . 


cricket - run-out gives lewis and england slim satisfaction . 


chris lewis did his best to forget his controversial omission from the england one-day squad on sunday but could not prevent pakistan reasserting their dominance in the final test at the oval . 


there seemed scant danger until the surrey player swooped on to the ball and returned off balance to county team mate alec stewart who whipped off the bails . 


lewis , though , could not make similar waves with the ball as salim malik and wasim akram batted through the rest of the session with few alarms . 


ethiopia and uganda drew 1-1 


team has the same number of wins and points , precedence goes to 


australian rules-afl results and standings . 


*note - ob and lotte played two games . 


lost , winning percentage and games behind ) : 


rafael palmeiro 's two-out single in the sixth inning scored roberto alomar with the go-ahead run as the baltimore orioles rallied past the california angels 5-4 and took over the american league 's wild-card berth on saturday . 


the orioles trailed 4-3 when pinch-hitter mike devereaux led off the sixth with a triple against reliever kyle abbott ( 0-1 ) and scored the tying run on alomar 's single . 


the bases were loaded and i had two strikes . 


i got the good part of the bat on it and it carried out . " 


at minnesota , marty cordova and matt lawton hit solo homers and frankie rodriguez allowed six hits over seven innings to earn his first win as a starter in a month as the minnesota twins held on to beat the texas rangers 6-5 . 


" yeah , you know it 's fun , it 's always fun when you 've got a chance to go to the ballpark and win a game that 's important , " said rodriguez . " 


every game should be important , but it 's a little more important now . " 


in new york , wally whitehurst allowed two runs over seven innings for his first win in more than two years and paul o'neill 's three-run double snapped a sixth-inning tie as the new york yankees held on for a 5-4 victory over the oakland athletics . 


whitehurst , promoted from triple-a columbus on wednesday , allowed seven hits and struck out one without a walk . 


in kansas city , jose rosado came within one out of his third complete game and michael tucker homered and drove in three runs as the kansas city royals broke a six-game losing streak with a 9-2 victory over the detroit tigers in a battle of cellar-dwellers . 


rosado ( 5-3 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits over 8-2/3 innings with three walks and six strikeouts . 


fred mcgriff went 5-for-5 and homered twice , including a three-run blast with two out in the bottom of the ninth inning that lifted the atlanta braves to a 6-5 victory over the chicago cubs on saturday . 


" i was just trying to hang in there and hit it up the middle , " said mcgriff about his homer in the ninth . " 


in colorado , mark thompson threw an eight-hitter for his third complete game and ellis burks homered and drove in three runs as the colorado rockies beat the pittsburgh pirates 9-3 . 


vinny castilla and dante bichette each added two rbi for colorado , which improved the major league 's best home mark to 44-20 . 


at florida , kevin brown scattered seven hits over eight innings and kurt abbott snapped a sixth-inning tie with a two-run double as the florida marlins defeated the tired cincinnati reds 5-3 . 


the marlins won for just the third time in nine games , taking advantage of a reds ' team that has not had a day off since august 8th and was playing its fourth game in 43 hours . 


in los angeles , tom candiotti allowed two runs in seven innings and singled home the go-ahead run and mike piazza and todd hollandsworth drove in two runs apiece as the los angeles dodgers defeated the new york mets 7-5 . 


candiotti ( 8-9 ) walked one , allowed five hits and struck out a season-high eight batters for los angeles , which has won 10 of its last 14 games . 


in san diego , joey hamilton allowed two hits over seven innings and rickey henderson hit his major league-record 69th leadoff homer as the san diego padres defeated the philadelphia phillies 7-1 for their fifth win in six games . 


hamilton ( 12-7 ) won his second straight start , allowing just a sixth-inning run and a pair of singles . 


in san francisco , pedro martinez allowed two hits in eight innings and david segui drove in two runs as the montreal expos shut out the san francisco giants 3-0 for their third straight win . 


martinez ( 11-7 ) , who lasted just 1-1/3 innings in his last start against san diego five days ago , pitched eight-plus innings , walking four and striking out 10 . 


in houston , orlando miller 's two-run homer with one out in the bottom of the ninth off todd stottlemyre gave the houston astros a 3-1 win over the st. louis cardinals and left the teams in a virtual tie for the lead in the nl central division . 


shane reynolds ( 16-6 ) fired a five-hitter , walking one and striking out six . 


portuguese champions porto kicked off the season with a disappointing 2-2 home draw against setubal and were lucky to squeeze in an equaliser in extra time . 


benfica dominated the game but their lack of a first-class striker was apparent throughout and in the 30th minute they lost key brazilian midfielder valdo who suffered a light knee injury . 


the victory , coming on the eve of the founding of the florence club in 1926 , also marked the first time since the pre-season trophy between the cup winners and league champions was started in 1988 that the cup winners had won . 


sweden 's stefan schwarz picked him out with a lob to the edge of the box and batistuta did the rest , chipping veteran defender franco baresi and scoring at the near post . 


montenegrin midfielder dejan savicevic equalised for the home team , weaving past a defender , checking and firing in a left-footed shot in the 21st minute that gave young fiorentina goalkeeper francesco toldo little chance . 


the scored stayed level to the final minutes but with a penalty shoot out looming , batistuta took charge . 


french international midfielder marcel desailly fouled the argentine , whose coach at boca juniors before he joined fiorentina in 1991 was new milan coach oscar tabarez , and batistuta rammed home the free kick from 30 metres out . 


the 83rd minute shot , curling over the defence and dipping in under the bar from the striker dubbed batigol by adoring fiorentina fans , was just reward for fiorentina who looked a far more impressive team . 


milan 's player of the year george weah missed a good first half opportunity but otherwise looked a little rusty while italian team mate roberto baggio did not play due to injury . 


new dutch signing edgar davids came on late in the second half as a milan substitute but made little impact . 


msv duisberg 0 bayern munich 4 ( klinsmann 15th , zieger 24th and 


the 26-year-old italian surged past compatriot michele bartoli and last year 's winner and defending world cup champion johan museeuw of belgium in the final few metres of the 237km race . 


former world champion lance armstrong of the united states was in front as the leading pack of seven riders turned into the oerlikon velodrome for the final one lap sprint but quickly faded and settled for fourth . 


the back-to-back wins vault ferrigato from sixth to second in the overall world cup rankings with 112 points but museeuw continues to hold a commanding lead with 162 points after eight of the 11 rounds . 


psv and vitesse arnhem are the only unbeaten teams after two rounds of the dutch league . 


groningen took the lead in the seventh minute when dean gorre intercepted a back pass from ernest faber to goalkeeper ronald waterreus and shot home . 


psv took control in the second half but could not score until groningen striker romano sion was sent off in the 58th minute . 


five minutes after his dimissal , nilis gave psv the lead and in the final 15 minutes he added another as did zeljko petrovic . 


vitesse arnhem upstaged utrecht 1-0 despite ending the match with only nine men following the dismissal of defenders raymond atteveld and erwin van der looi . 


gaston taument scored twice and newly signed argentine pablo sanchez once in feyenoord rotterdam 's 3-0 victory over volendam . 


blind , who played in the 1990 world cup and the 1992 european championship , was capped 42 times for the netherlands . 


azharuddin was sacked after the tour and replaced by sachin tendulkar . 


sidhu was not considered for the four-nation singer cup beginning in sri lanka this month and the sahara cup against pakistan scheduled to be played in canada next month . 


pretoria , aug 25 - captain sean fitzpatrick and his all blacks revisited the test venue today to relive some of the magic moments of yesterday 's momentous rugby victory over south africa , nzpa reported . 


magnificent , ' ' said fitzpatrick , new zealand 's most capped player and the world 's most capped forward . 


the players relived the moves and tries , the tackles and what might have been as the emotions of victory continued . 


the maul was there and i was going to go in but i thought i should hold off because we had the ball . 


i just hit through and i was punching the air before the ball got there . 


it was just like the world cup , the ball came and the chance was there . ' 


we were gutted and there was nowhere to hide , they just kept coming at you , ' ' he said . 


i was gone in the first 20 minutes , completely exhausted , but you had no choice . 


he thanked us on behalf of the country , which is really nice for the team , and i understand we had tremendous support at home . ' 


australian rules - afl results and standings . 


south africa 's truth commission begins issuing subpoenas this week in a bid to dig beneath the political rationales and find the sinister figures who have the blood of the country 's race war on their hands . 


leaders of the major parties involved , from right-wing whites to radical blacks , appeared before archbishop desmond tutu 's truth and reconciliation commission last week to paint the broad picture of their actions for or against apartheid . 


most , including former president f.w. de klerk and african national congress deputy president thabo mbeki , offered apologies for any mistakes they had made and accepted broad responsibility for the actions of their foot soldiers . 


but none named those guilty of ordering or carrying out any of the gross violations of human rights which tutu is investigating . 


human rights lawyer brian currin said the hearings last week were not intended as a form of confessional and that those who personally committed crimes during apartheid would testify only before a separate arm of the commission , the amnesty committee . 


that was not the amnesty committee where perpetrators are expected to open their hearts and souls and to tell it all . " 


but others , such as self-confessed secret police hit-squad leader dirk coetzee , have yet to testify . 


but currin , who is advising several people regarded as perpetrators , said this was not the best way to achieve the commission 's aims . 


" a person can be forced to appear , but the only way one is going to get to the truth in its totality is if people feel it is a good idea to go to the amnesty committee . 


his trial is due to start in december but the truth commission intends to decide on his amnesty application before that . 


last week 's submissions to the commission by the anc , de klerk 's national party and the right-wing freedom front of general constand viljoen left many south africans unsatisfied . 


boraine said the picture was incomplete because officers of the apartheid-era security forces had yet to make their scheduled , separate submission , but one black caller to a radio talk show declared : 


political scientist jannie gagiano said he doubted that the national party , which implemented apartheid in 1948 and began dismantling it in 1990 , felt it carried a burden of guilt and needed to be exculpated through the commission . 


" in the irritation , in the jokes , in the anger that white south africans express about the commission , i think there 's a moral uneasiness , and i think that 's healthy . 


the refugees , rallying in matuzici on government territory two km from doboj in northeast bosnia , waved banners calling the polls a farce staged by the united nations and the european union . " 


bosnia 's moslem-led central government and many displaced moslems are angered by a key provision of the western-organised september 14 elections allowing people to vote in post-war " new places of residence . " 


as a result , separatist serb authorities have packed former moslem majority towns with refugees of their own or registered other serbs to vote there . 


critics say that what was billed as an electoral process to reintegrate bosnia as a single , multi-ethnic state is shaping up as a referendum on partition , de facto or de jure . 


but no one will stop us from returning to our homes . " 


this is a protest of warning and the next step is entering our town using all means possible , so let them shoot . " 


to loud applause , he added : " we will enter doboj , untie the doboj knot and ensure free movement for all . 


the dayton peace accords guaranteed refugees the right to return to their homes and ensured freedom of movement across ethnic lines . 


but local police , controlled by nationalist parties in moslem , serb and croat sectors of bosnia , and civilian mobs have turned ceasefire lines into virtually impassable borders . 


the majority of refugees from bosnia 's 1992-95 war are moslems from the serb-controlled north and east . 


but the crowd dispersed without incident . 


moslems and serbs have scuffled several times along the line in the past when moslem refugees tried to surge into the town . 


president boris yeltsin signed a decree on fighting crime in july and handed wide-ranging powers to security chief alexander lebed , currently engaged in making peace in breakaway chechnya . 


russian troops start pullout , but not in grozny . 


russian troops began to pull out from southern chechnya on sunday under a ceasefire agreement between russian security chief alexander lebed and rebel leaders . 


but in the capital grozny , the commander of russian interior ministry forces in chechnya , general anatoly shkirko , told interfax news agency he was delaying a pullout of troops there after a group of chechens disarmed an armoured column . 


reuters cameraman liutauras stremaitis said a column of around 40 vehicles , including tanks , armoured personnel carriers , artillery cannons and lorries , escorted by chechen rebels , pulled out of the village of shatoi towards the border , around 50 km ( 31 miles ) to the north . 


chechen rebel spokesman movladi udugov confirmed the weapons had been seized but that it was a maverick group of chechens . 


the leftist popular revolutionary army ( epr ) in a published report on sunday said it operated throughout mexico , including the capital , and denied government assertions it was isolated to one state . 


commanders " vicente " and " oscar " , guarded by a dozen epr gunmen , said in an interview with la jornada outside mexico city that the armed group was committed to overthrowing the government . 


" they ( government officials ) want to present us before public opinion as a local problem , as just being from guerrero and as irrational radicals , " commander oscar told la jornada . 


they said the erp , whose fighters first appeared wearing military fatigues and brandishing assault rifles in the southwestern state of guerrero on june 28 , had a 23,000-strong membership , but this could not be confirmed independently . 


la jornada also reported on sunday that the mexican army has discovered a 37-page , epr manual detailing guerrilla tactics and strategies . 


it quoted the manual as saying : " the objective of the basic course on war is to provide for combatants of the epr basic military knowledge for the armed conflict against the police and military apparatus of the bourgeoisie . " 


it was the second time armed " commanders " of the epr have granted interviews outside guerrero state , an extremely poor and volatile region where leftist protesters often have clashed violently with authorities . 


unlike the better known and unrelated zapatista rebels in southeastern chiapas state , the epr has never taken on the army in direct combat , according to official reports . 


there have only been a few skirmishes in guerrero in which a handful of police , soldiers and civilians have been killed or injured . 


unidentified gunmen dragged 10 men out ot their homes in a rural area of colombia 's northwest province of antioquia and shot them to death , authorities said on sunday . 


police said the killings occurred on saturday morning in the municipality of anza but news of the massacre only reached the provincial capital of medellin early on sunday . 


anza is only 20 miles ( 30 km ) west of medellin , but there are no roads linking it directly to the city . 


but gunmen of the left and right have killed with impunity across antioquia for years , and there were unconfirmed reports that the latest bloodshed was the work of a right-wing paramilitary group . 


the thai army commander in the area , col suvit maenmuan , told reporters the dkba , which is allied with the rangoon military government and based in southeast burma , had recently stepped up cross-border infiltration . 


suvit said the motive for their intrusions was not clear but he had ordered reinforcements to beef up security along the porous frontier . 


the dkba was formed in late 1994 by hundreds of guerrillas who split from the anti-rangoon karen national union ( knu ) and allied themselves with burmese government army , their former enemies . 


dkba members have since launched intermittent cross-border attacks on karen refugee camps in thailand , where the majority of inhabitants are knu supporters , and on thai villages and police posts near the border . 


bangkok has complained to rangoon about the raids but burmese military authorities say they have no contol over the faction . 


thai army commanders reject the explanation , saying they have evidence the burmese army supplies and directs the renegade ethnic minority splinter faction . 


a u.s. fighter plane blew a tyre and caught fire while landing on sunday at israel 's ben gurion airport , an airport spokesman said . 


" a u.s. f-14 military plane while landing at ben gurion airport blew a wheel and a fire broke out , " said spokesman yehiel amitai , adding that the two pilots on board were not injured . 


" airport officials declared an emergency situation at the highest level and the fire brigade put out the flames while the plane was landing , " he said . 


saleh said the team -- from new york 's metropolitan museum -- found four canopic jars and two unguent jars in the tomb , which belongs to an unidentifed person who lived during the 12th dynasty ( 1991-1786 bc ) in the middle kingdom . 


" this finding is important because one of the jars still contains substances and materials used in the conservation of mummies and the conservation of the intestines and all the things which were in the cavity of a person we have not identified yet , " saleh said . 


" we hope that the analysis of such substances and liquids will reveal some secrets of the mummification process and materials used in this process , " he added . 


saudi arabia beheads convicted drug smugglers , rapists , murderers and other criminals . 


